
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Randy
Serving You
News
Our District
Contact
January 31, 2014
Dear
Friends,
The House has wasted no time
in the new session of the 113th Congress, passing legislation aimed at
getting individuals and families in Illinois back to work and
increasing oversight of the Presidents health care law. I wanted to let you
know how Im working on your behalf in
Washington.
Protecting Health Consumers from
Identity Theft
The
Affordable Care Act has continued its rollout as state and federal
exchanges attempt to sign up insurance customers. But the central online
portal, Healthcare.gov, has been plagued with disturbing cybersecurity
threats.
The House
Science, Space and Technology Committee, on which I serve, oversees the
agency which provides security standards for federal websites like
Healthcare.gov. This month, we held the second of two hearings featuring
online security experts who testified to the threats the website poses to
American consumers personal information. David Kennedy, a white hat
hacker, has testified that there are clear indicators that even basic
security was not built into the Healthcare.gov
website.
Americans deserve a secure online
shopping experience. Heres what I am doing to hold the administration
accountable to consumers:
Voted for H.R.
3811, Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act . Requires
the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to notify individuals
of any breach on the health care law exchanges that endangers personal
data within two business days. If Target is required to notify the 70
million customers whose information was jeopardized, the
administration should be too.
Co-sponsored
H.R. 3635, Safe and Secure Federal Websites Act.
No
federal website that intakes personal data should be online without basic,
industry-accepted standards of security. H.R. 3635 requires increased
certification requirements for Healthcare.gov and future federal
websites that collect sensitive personal before they are made public. Any
federal website published after July 1, 2013 that is not certified must
be taken down until certified as secure.
Voted for H.R. 3362, Exchange Information Disclosure Act.
More
than three months after the exchanges launched, the administration keeps
moving the goalposts of success for enrollment. This bill requires
HHS to provide American consumers and Congress weekly reports on the
status of Healthcare.gov, including unique website visits, accounts
created, qualified health plan selection and Medicaid
enrollment.
Helping Our Veterans Find
Work
When our
servicemen and women return home, the last thing they should fear is
unemployment. But the healthcare laws employer mandate has discouraged many
small businesses from hiring workers at a time when our economy is
still struggling to recover.
I have co-sponsored H.R. 3474, the
Hire More Heroes Act, which allows small businesses to hire veterans
without facing penalties by exempting veterans who already receive health
coverage under TRICARE or the VA from being taken into account for
purposes of the employer mandate. Lifting this burden on small businesses
is a win for our veterans and our economy.
Silence is Not an
Option
Coinciding with Religious Freedom Day,
the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission held a hearing focused on the
plight of prisoners of conscience around the world who are imprisoned
because of what they believe. Member of Congress, including myself,
have adopted specific prisoners in order to raise awareness and hold
nations accountable for their human rights
violations.
My adoptee, Chinese dissident Zhu
Yufu, has spent nearly 700 days behind the walls of the overcrowded
Zhejiang Prison Number 4 in China for his pro-democracy activities.
Please click
here
to hear his
story.
(Zhu Yufu, Poet and Pro-democracy activist)
Protecting the Vulnerable Among
Us
Its rare Congress comes to an
agreement on the issue of abortion, but ensuring no taxpayer dollars
go to fund the procedure has enjoyed bipartisan support ever since the
Honorable Henry Hyde introduced his amendment. Vast majorities of
Americans oppose using taxpayer dollars to pay for
abortion.
Thats why I voted for H.R. 7, the
No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act, a bill I co-sponsored which
passed the House and codifies the patchwork of federal provisions that
ensure no taxpayer dollars fund abortions except in cases of rape, incest
and when the life of the mother is at stake. H.R. 7 ensures this
long-standing policy becomes permanent and government-wide, including in
the exchanges created under the Presidents health care
law.
All life should be protected,
from conception to natural death, and forcing someone to pay for someone
elses abortion that they oppose on moral grounds violates their
freedom of conscience.
WATCH : Marking the 41st anniversary of
Roe v. Wade
this
month, I gave a floor speech recognizing pro-life warriors including
Illinois own Honorable Henry Hyde and Irene Napier, President Emeritus
of Right to Life of McHenry County.
Click
here
to watch the video.
I also hosted students from McHenry County and marched with them
at the March for Life in Washington, D.C. to remember the 55 million
lost to abortion.
Please visit my Facebook album
here
to see photos from the week.
Congressional Art
Competition
The 2014 Congressional Art Competition for
high school students has begun, and I am looking for entries from the
talented young artists of the 14th District.
One winner is chosen from each district, and the
winners artwork is then sent to Washington, D.C. for display in the
U.S. Capitol. However, submitted artwork will be hung at Water Street
Studios for a reception announcing the winners, so please make certain
that your artwork is ready to hang. (If selected, winners will be
required to frame their piece for display in the Capitol Building.) Each
winner also receives a roundtrip ticket to Washington, D.C.
compliments of Southwest Airlines.
Entries for the competition are due to my district office, located
at 1797 W. State St., Suite A, in Geneva, by Friday, April
4.
For any additional
questions or to obtain a copy of the guidelines and student
information/release forms when they become available, please visit the official
Congressional Art Competition Website
or contact
Ruth Richardson at my Geneva office at
630-232-7104.
If you havent already, be sure
to like my
Facebook page ,
follow me on Twitter ( @RepHultgren ), or
check out my
YouTube
page
to stay informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington
and in Illinois.
As
always, thank you for the honor and privilege of serving
you.
In Your
Service,
Randy Hultgren
Member of Congress
14th District, Illinois
Randy in the News
Lake
County Suburban Life:
Hultgren offers views on top
issues
Elgin
Courier-News:
Kids teach congressman how to write computer
code in Elgins new downtown technology
center
Northwest Herald:
Local legislators react to State of the Union
address
Kane County Chronicle:
Protecting consumers personal info (Letter to the
editor)
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Contact
Information
Washington, DC
332 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-2976
Fax: (202) 225-0697
Geneva Office
1797 State Street
Suite A
Geneva, IL 60134
Phone: (630)
232-7104
Fax: (630) 232-7174
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 