
Friday February 21, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Taking Action for the Environment
Representatives Murphy and Rooney discussed recent citrus greening research funding during an event in Juno Beach.
Combating Citrus Greening
As co-chairs of the bipartisan Congressional Citrus Caucus, U.S. Representative Tom Rooney (FL-17) and I visited the family-run Ter Marsch Groves Store in Juno Beach last Saturday to discuss the importance of efforts to find treatments and cures for citrus greening, which has been plaguing the citrus industry.
Citrus greening is not a Republican or Democrat issue. It is a Florida issue and an economic issue. Floridas 18th District, which I am proud to represent, is home to around 45,000 acres of citrus groves, meaning the well-being of the citrus industry is vital to the health of our local economy.
At the event, we discussed the $145 million in recent federal funding for citrus greening research, which will greatly benefit the local citrus industry.
We also discussed the USDAs decision at the end of last year to launch a special citrus greening strike force to coordinate efforts and resources to better respond to citrus greening.
While these are great first steps, more work needs to be done. I remain committed to working across party lines to combat this disease, and I thank Congressman Rooney for his continued dedication and leadership on this issue.
Protecting Our Environment
Rep. Murphy met with the Green Team from Palm
City Elementary, who shared with him their letters
to the President about the importance of
protecting our local waterways.
On Saturday, I also met with Green Team students from Palm City Elementary at the Walk on the Wild Side relay event at Memorial Park in Stuart. The students shared with me their letters to President Obama about Lake Okeechobee releases and the importance of protecting our local waterways.
It was great to attend the Walk on the Wild Side and see so many members of the community come out to support our local wildlife organizations. Without the work of these organizations and the support of our community, our precious ecosystem and the wildlife it supports would not be thriving for us to enjoy. Our environment impacts every part of our way of life on the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches, and we must continue to work together to protect and preserve it for our children and grandchildren.
Please invite your friends and family to
sign up
for this newsletter to learn about what I am doing to represent you in Congress. You can also get the latest updates and join the conversation on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Flood Insurance Update
This week, I attended a Realtor Association of Martin County meeting where I discussed the importance of protecting homeowners from unaffordable rate hikes due to issues with FEMA's flood maps and delayed affordability study.
I will continue to push the House of Representatives to follow the Senates lead and pass a flood insurance fix. I am pleased to report that House Leadership has announced they will also take up a measure to address these rate hikes, and I look forward to reviewing the proposal and the House taking much needed action on this issue.
The millions of American homeowners, including thousands in Florida's 18th District, cannot wait any longer for relief.
Click here
to learn more about my work on this issue.
Murphy's Jobs Tour
This week, as part of my "Congress At Your Company" initiative, I visited several local companies including Locus Traxx, Gulfstream Goodwill Industries, Inc., SV Microwave, and Cytonics Corporation.
Over the past year, I participated in over 70 events as part of my jobs tour. These visits with local companiesalong with numerous roundtables and meetings with local business leadersare part of my broader effort to find ways government can partner with the private sector to spur economic growth and create jobs.
To learn more about my jobs tour,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here