
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
Home
About Me
Services
13th
District
Media Center
Legislation
Contact Me
"&gt;
February 08, 2014
Dear Friend:
The Department of Labor's Jobs
Report shows that there was a drop in the unemployment rate to 6.6
percent in January. Clearly, President Obama's economic plan is working. To
accelerate further recovery, Republicans should abandon their
obstructive agenda that is thwarting economic growth for our
country.
SNAP Cuts and Unemployment
Insurance: After a very long stall in the Congress, President Obama was finally
able to sign the Farm Bill. Many are hailing this bill as a step
forward, a good compromise by both sides.
I voted against this
legislation because it affects about 300,000 New Yorkers who will face an
average cut of $90 per month from the Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program (SNAP). Now is not the time to cut assistance programs
for those who are still struggling to find a job or make ends meet.
Yet, on Thursday, the Senate Republicans voted against a measure that
will renew unemployment insurance for those 1.7 million Americans. I will
keep fighting to urge the Republicans in Congress to extend the
lifelines for people who need
assistance.
Minimum Wage: It is also critical that we raise the minimum
wage to make sure people are not just working, but actually earning a
living wage. Although I got arrested, I was proud to participate in a
march and sit-in with members of 32BJ SEIU on Martin Luther King Jr. Day
to demand fair wages. Furthermore, I wrote to the CEO of ABM
Industries Incorporated urging a pay increase for its airport workers and was
pleased when the Port Authority announced that it will increase pay
for workers at Kennedy and LaGuardia. To ensure the same result for New
Jersey workers, Rep. Donald Payne, Jr. of New Jersey and I sent a
letter to Gov. Chris Christie urging him to take the appropriate action as
well. I will not stop calling out these
injustices.
The Fight Ahead - Debt ceiling and Immigration
Reform: The debt limit will be reached by Feb. 27th without
congressional action. Once again, Republican inaction and delay is threatening
the full faith and credit of the United States. We must increase the
debt ceiling to prevent further instability in our economy. Getting
America working again should not be a partisan issue. Our number one
priority in Congress must be developing policies that will create good
jobs and expand economic opportunities for everyone in America, to
include the passing of comprehensive immigration
reform.
Please visit my website at
www.Rangel.house.gov
for frequent updates. I
value your feedback, so please leave me your comments. Don't forget to
like me on
Facebook
and follow me on
Twitter . It's always a great honor serving you.
Best
regards,
Charles Rangel
Please
share with your friends &amp; family.
ENROLL IN THE NYS HEALTHCARE
EXCHANGE:
NYstateofhealth.ny.gov
Mar 31
is the last day to enroll for
2014 benefits!
Help
Line
855.355.5777
"What Women Need"
Early Valentine's Day Special: Click to watch my latest
video:
Leave comments on my facebook page: what you
think women need?
My Visit to
WHEELS
Click on the picture to read about my visit to Washington
Heights Expeditionary Learning School (WHEELS) to congratulate Principal
Brett Kimmel and Estiven Rodriguez, who was previously welcomed by
Rangel at the U.S. Capitol on January 28, 2014, when Rodriguez attended
President Barack Obama's State of the Union at the invitation of the
White House.
D.C. Office:
2354 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4365
F: 202-225-0816
New York Office:
163 West 125th
St., Suite #737
New York, NY 10027
Phone: 212-663-3900
Fax:
212-663-4277
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
