
29
JAN 2013
Making Washington work better for Montana
Dear David,
With Congress making progress lately to pass a budget and to fund basic government services and our military, I traveled around Montana last week to meet with
constituents and t alk about how Washington's recent bipartisanship is helping
M o ntanans.
I first stopped in Great Falls to meet with Air
F orce Secretary Deborah James.
We discussed the future
of Malmstrom Air Force Base, and I reminded her that Congress will rejec t efforts to unfairly penalize the ICBM force.
The gover n ment funding bill preven ts any study that could lead to
the removal of Malmstrom's missile silos.
The bill also includes funding t o b uild a hangar for the Montana Nati onal Guard's new C-130 planes that are set to arrive in Great Falls this summer.
I next visited the Helena College of Technology and spoke with instructors about support for job training so that we prepare Montanans &mdash; including veterans &mdash; to perform the jobs that our businesses need.
I then talked
with teachers and parents about Congress investing in Head Start so students are better prepared to succeed
in s chool, before reading to students at Four Georgians Elementary Sc hool.
I also sat down
with health care providers to d iscuss how the funding bill en s ures greater support for community health centers, which are cr itical to providing quality, affordable health care in sma ll towns and
rural areas across Montana.
Looking to the year ahead, I hope that Congress can continue
working together to pass a Farm Bill, modernize our out-of-date roads, bridges and railways, and to reform the housing finance system to protect taxpayers while giving more certainty to homeowners.
As I keep working to do what's best for Montana, I encourage you to help me by making your thoughts known.
You can always contact me at tester.senate.gov or by calling my office in Washington, D.C. or one of my eight offices around our state.
Be well ,
WWW.TESTER.SENATE.GOV
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
