
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
February 2, 2014
Friends,
The President delivered his State of the Union address last week before a joint session of Congress.
I agree with the President, we should lower our corporate tax burden, strengthen our education system, and address income inequality. I just do not agree with him on how we accomplish these goals.
My colleagues and I have passed dozens of jobs bills that would increase take home pay, grow our economy, and make our country more competitive. Astonishingly, each of these bills have been collecting dust on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's desk since we passed them out of the House.
Instead of threatening to bypass Congress, the President should pressure the Democrat-led Senate to vote on a jobs bill,
or present an alternative proposal for consideration. Americans are tired of lofty rhetoric, the depressed job market, and threats from the Administration.
We deserve responsible leadership, and we need it now.
STOP Resolution Press Conference Gets Reaction from President Obama
Last week, I held a press conference with STOP cosponsors to let the President know
we are not going to
sit on the sidelines while he attempts to bypass Congress and ignore the Constitution.
In his exclusive interview with President Obama, Jake Tapper asked the President about the STOP Resolution.
President Obama said he is not worried about the resolution, which is indicative of his view of Congress and his duty to faithfully execute our nations laws.
To view Tappers interview with President Obama,
CLICK HERE .
The
Real
State of the Union
I believe that
Americans across the country know better than any Washington politician that the current state of our union is all but inspiring.
As President Obama enters his sixth year as our countrys leader, we must carefully look at where our country is today.
Income Inequality
It is interesting the President plans to make income inequality one of his key points when
his policies are driving up income inequality nationwide.
For wealthy American families, the median family income has increased. Yet
for the average family, that average has dropped every year for the past five years .
Job Creation
Millions of Americans are currently out of work and looking for jobs.
President Obama has repeatedly said he wants to get people back to work, but his energy policies have blocked the addition of hundreds of thousands of American jobs.
The President must double down on job creation and put forth policiesnot rhetoricthat will get people back to work.
Furthermore, the
restrictions in the Presidents Dodd-Frank legislation have cut off the financial help our small businessesthe largest employers of working class familiesneed to grow and expand .
Expansion of Big Government
Finally, President Obamas expansion of
big government has taken more and more money away from middle class families each year.
The payroll tax cut expiration, high energy costs driven by the Administrations War on Coal, and an increase in health care costs due to Obamacare, have cost American families hundreds of dollars a month.
State of the Union By the Numbers:
47 million Americans are living in poverty today.
The Labor Force Participation is 62.8%, its lowest level since March 1978.
68 % of Americans say the country is in the same place or worse off than it was when Obama took office.
5 million Americans have received insurance cancellation letters as a result of Obamacare.
Enjoy the Super Bowl game and have a good week,
Washington D.C. Office
325 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225
9895
Fax: (202) 225
9690
Grand Strand Office
2411 N. Oak Street
Suite 405
Myrtle Beach, SC 29577
Phone: (843) 445
6459
Fax: (843) 445
6418
Pee Dee Office
1831 West Evans Street
Suite 300
Florence, SC 29501
Phone: (843) 679
9781
Fax: (843) 679
9783
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list