 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
SEDGWICK COUNTY
Saturday, Jan. 25 at 1:45 p.m.
Cheney City Hall Council Chambers
Cheney
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
January 20, 2013
Dear Friend,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them. I'm taking time
today to reflect on the accomplishments, words, and vision of Dr.
Martin Luther King Jr. His leadership in the fight for equal civil
rights in America was remarkable and remains an inspiration to many
around the world.
Omnibus Appropriations Bill Prioritizes Funding
On Thursday, the U.S. Senate passed (72-26) a bill that attempts to set
funding priorities based on more responsible oversight of government
programs. While I oppose the high topline spending level mandated by
the Ryan-Murray budget deal
, it is important to make certain the funds authorized
by the budget agreement are spent wisely rather than continuing to
throw taxpayer dollars at outdated priorities and unsuccessful
programs.
With the passage of the Omnibus, it is clear that Washington shares
many priorities with Kansas including the construction of NBAF
, basing of the KC-46A tanker
at McConnell Air Force Base, and restoring funding
for military retirement benefits
of medically retired veterans and survivor annuities.
The Omnibus also denies new funding to the federal Exchange and other
Obamacare programs while eliminating HHS Secretary Sebelius' $1 billion
slush fund. It also increases funding for the HHS Inspector General to
perform oversight of HHS' Obamacare activities. Finally, the Omnibus
makes certain no funds - none - may be spent to implement the United
Nations Arms Trade Treaty
until it's ratified by the United States Senate,
which stands in strong opposition to the treaty.
After years of no budget and no appropriations process, it was critical
to now prioritize spending, provide greater congressional oversight,
and examine whether taxpayer dollars are being used as efficiently and
effectively as possible.
The Omnibus appropriations bill was approved Wednesday by the U.S.
House (359-67). After passage in the Senate, it was sent to President
Obama who signed it on Friday before the current funding expired on
Saturday. This bill will fund the federal government through September.
Omnibus Prevents Implementation of U.N. Arms Trade Treaty
The Omnibus bill passed by Congress this week includes language in
Section 7075 stating, "None of the funds appropriated by this Act may
be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the
Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty." At least
50 Senators stand with me in strong opposition to the treaty. Last
fall, the Obama Administration's signed the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty in a
direct dismissal of the American people and the bipartisan Senate
majority that rejects the ATT.
Throughout this process, it has been disturbing to watch the
Administration reverse U.S. policies, abandon its own negotiation
principles, admit publicly the treaty's dangerous ambiguity, and
hastily review the final treaty text. With the passage of the Omnibus
bill, it has been made unequivocally clear that Congress is committed
to upholding the fundamental individual rights of Americans and rejects
the ATT. We will not be bound by the treaty and we will not fund its
implementation. No funds - none - can be spent to implement the Arms
Trade Treaty until it's ratified by the United States Senate. Click
here
to listen to me discuss the Omnibus'
prohibition on funds being spent to implement U.S. participation in the
global U.N. Arms Trade Treaty on NRA Radio.
Addressing the Root Cause of Unemployment
As the Senate considered legislation this week to extend emergency
unemployment benefits, I called on Congress to address the root cause
of unemployment by growing the economy and creating jobs. While
assistance to those without work serves an important purpose in helping
Americans transition out of periods of joblessness, the primary focus
of Congress and the President should be on economic growth. A growing
economy creates new opportunities for Americans to find meaningful work
and with meaningful work comes the ability for Americans to improve
their economic security and move up the economic ladder.
To jump-start the economy and create jobs for Americans, I authored
bipartisan legislation called Startup Act 3.0
. Since 1980, nearly all
of the net new jobs created in our country have been created by
companies less than five years old. To create an environment where
entrepreneurs are more likely to succeed and create jobs, Startup Act
3.0 addresses four key factors that contribute to entrepreneurial
success: talent, taxes, regulation and innovation. Despite the
bipartisan support for this legislation, Senate Majority Leader Harry
Reid has refused to allow a vote on an amendment I offered to add the
provisions of Startup Act 3.0 to the unemployment insurance extension
bill. Click here
to see me discuss this issue on the U.S.
Senate Floor.
Honoring Lieutenant General Richard "Dick" Seitz
This week, the Senate unanimously passed a bill I introduced along with
Senator Roberts to honor WWII Veteran and Kansan Lieutenant General
Richard "Dick" Seitz by designating the Junction City Community-Based
Outpatient Clinic (CBOC) as the "Lieutenant General Richard J. Seitz
Community-Based Outpatient Clinic." The U.S. Department of Veterans'
Affairs CBOC provides primary care, behavioral health, personal care,
laboratory, prescriptions and psychiatry services for veterans. Our
country lost a great man, a dedicated soldier, and an American hero
when Lieutenant General Dick Seitz passed away last year. He was a
mentor, a friend, and someone I hold in extremely high regard. I felt
it was important to honor him in a way that would make him proud, and a
way in which he can still be a part of the lives of those who served
our country. To learn more about Lt. Gen. Seitz' service, click here
.
USDA Disaster Designation
I was pleased the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) designated 37
counties in Kansas as natural disaster areas due to the severe and
ongoing drought. The Disaster Designation is welcome news at a time
when Kansas producers are experiencing the results of a devastating
drought. In spite of the exceedingly dry conditions, this designation
will mitigate the drought's effects and enable farmers and ranchers to
continue their agricultural operations.
These counties will now be eligible for important disaster programs,
such as the emergency loan program administrated by the Farm Service
Agency (FSA). These programs will help the farmers and ranchers of
Kansas make it through one of the most difficult growing seasons on
record. Affected farmers should contact their local FSA office for more
information: http://www.fsa.usda.gov/ks
Delivering Remarks at the Economic Mobility Caucus Event on
Prize-Linked Savings
On Tuesday, I delivered remarks about innovative tools to encourage
savings at a Senate Economic Mobility Caucus event. Savings is a key
component of economic mobility -helping Americans climb the economic
ladder and cushioning them from financial shocks that would threaten to
reverse their progress. The Pew Foundation's Economic Mobility Project
found that 71 percent of children born to high-saving but low-income
parents moved up from the bottom income quintile over one generation,
compared to only 50 percent of children from similarly low-income
households whose parents did not save.
According to the 2013 Economic Report of the President, Americans'
personal savings rate has declined about 56 percent over the past 50
years. As co-chair of the Senate Economic Mobility Caucus, I recently
introduced S. 1597, the American Savings Promotion Act
, to help Americans save. This bipartisan
legislation would incentivize personal savings while never putting an
individual's money at risk by allowing financial institutions to pair
traditional savings accounts with opportunities to win prizes. These
prize-linked savings accounts have been shown to help people save who
have never saved before, as well as help low-income individuals save
more than they previously were. Savers in the prize-linked savings
program in Nebraska, for example, are eligible for a $25,000 yearly
grand prize. Thanks to the Pew Foundation, Doorways to Dreams, and the
Heritage Foundation for participating in this event.
Wichita State Shockers Remain Undefeated
I was glad to see the Wichita State Shockers play the Indiana State
Sycamores at the Roundhouse on Saturday. The Shockers are having an
impressive season, as one of only three remaining undefeated teams in
the country. The highly anticipated game did not disappoint as the
Shockers won 68 to 48 over the Sycamores. This win gave the Shockers
the best overall record in the Missouri Valley Conference. It was a
great experience, and I wish the Shockers the best for the remainder of
their season. Robba and I also enjoyed visiting with Scott City native
and star player Ron Baker after the game. Click here
to see a photo.
Kansans in the Office
Daniel Woo of Lewis
Daniel Wood of Belpre
Alex Lovely of Manhattan
American Academy of Pediatrics
Alison Ast of Conway Springs
United Way
Amanda Michaelis of Salina
Nex-Tech
Larry Sevier of Lenora
James Todd of Lenora
Cutler Repaving Inc
John Rathbun of Lawrence
Bill Cooper of Salina
Rex Eberly of Salina
Neighborhood Assistance Corporation of America
Meghan H. Hernandez of Kansas City
Capitol Tour
Troy Terry of Hays
April Terry of Hays
Madison Bainter of Hays
Ashley Golden of Wichita
Ross Arreguin of Topeka
Mackenzzy May of Wichita
Amy Floyd of Goodland
Craig Salminen of Wamego
Diana Salminen of Wamego
Cora Ballenger of Wamego
Elijah Wade of Alma
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can
also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING
UP Kansas
Listening Tour
SEDGWICK COUNTY Saturday,
Jan. 25 at
1:45 p.m. Cheney
City Hall Council Chambers Cheney
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense January
20, 2013
Dear
Friend,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them. I'm taking time
today to reflect on the accomplishments, words, and vision of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. His leadership
in the fight for equal civil rights in America was remarkable and remains an inspiration to many around
the world.
Omnibus
Appropriations Bill Prioritizes Funding On Thursday, the
U.S. Senate passed (72-26) a bill that attempts to set funding priorities based on more responsible oversight
of government programs. While I oppose the high topline spending level mandated by the
Ryan-Murray
budget deal , it is important to make certain the funds authorized
by the budget agreement are spent wisely rather than continuing to throw taxpayer dollars at outdated
priorities and unsuccessful programs.
With
the passage of the Omnibus, it is clear that Washington shares many priorities with Kansas including
the
construction
of NBAF ,
basing
of the KC-46A tanker
at McConnell Air Force Base,
and
restoring
funding for military retirement benefits
of medically retired
veterans and survivor annuities. The Omnibus also denies new funding to the federal Exchange and other
Obamacare programs while eliminating HHS Secretary Sebelius&#8217; $1 billion slush fund. It also increases
funding for the HHS Inspector General to perform oversight of HHS&#8217; Obamacare activities. Finally,
the Omnibus makes certain no funds &#8211; none &#8211; may be spent to implement the
United
Nations Arms Trade Treaty
until
it&#8217;s ratified by the United States Senate, which stands in strong opposition to the treaty.
After
years of no budget and no appropriations process, it was critical to now prioritize spending, provide
greater congressional oversight, and examine whether taxpayer dollars are being used as efficiently and
effectively as possible.
The
Omnibus appropriations bill was approved Wednesday by the U.S. House (359-67). After passage
in the Senate, it was sent to President Obama who signed it on Friday before the current funding
expired on Saturday. This bill will fund the federal government through September.
Omnibus
Prevents Implementation of U.N. Arms Trade Treaty The Omnibus
bill passed by Congress this week includes language in Section 7075 stating, &#8220;None of the funds
appropriated by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate
approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty.&#8221; At least 50 Senators stand with me
in strong opposition to the treaty. Last fall, the Obama Administration&#8217;s signed the U.N. Arms
Trade Treaty in a direct dismissal of the American people and the bipartisan Senate majority that rejects
the ATT.
Throughout
this process, it has been disturbing to watch the Administration reverse U.S. policies, abandon its own
negotiation principles, admit publicly the treaty&#8217;s dangerous ambiguity, and hastily review the
final treaty text. With the passage of the Omnibus bill, it has been made unequivocally clear that Congress
is committed to upholding the fundamental individual rights of Americans and rejects the ATT. We will
not be bound by the treaty and we will not fund its implementation. No funds &#8211; none &#8211; can
be spent to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until it's ratified by the United States Senate.
Click
here
t o listen to
me discuss the Omnibus&#8217; prohibition on funds being spent to implement U.S. participation in the
global U.N. Arms Trade Treaty on NRA Radio.
Addressing
the Root Cause of Unemployment As the Senate considered
legislation this week to extend emergency unemployment benefits, I called on Congress to address the
root cause of unemployment by growing the economy and creating jobs. While assistance to those without
work serves an important purpose in helping Americans transition out of periods of joblessness, the primary
focus of Congress and the President should be on economic growth. A growing economy creates new opportunities
for Americans to find meaningful work and with meaningful work comes the ability for Americans to improve
their economic security and move up the economic ladder.
To
jump-start the economy and create jobs for Americans, I authored bipartisan legislation called
Startup
Act 3.0 . Since 1980, nearly all of the net new jobs created
in our country have been created by companies less than five years old. To create an environment where
entrepreneurs are more likely to succeed and create jobs, Startup Act 3.0 addresses four key factors
that contribute to entrepreneurial success: talent, taxes, regulation and innovation. Despite the bipartisan
support for this legislation, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has refused to allow a vote on an amendment
I offered to add the provisions of Startup Act 3.0 to the unemployment insurance extension bill.
Click
here
to see me discuss this issue on the U.S. Senate Floor.
Honoring
Lieutenant
General Richard &#8220;Dick&#8221; Seitz This week, the
Senate unanimously passed a bill I introduced along with Senator Roberts to honor WWII Veteran and Kansan
Lieutenant General Richard &#8220;Dick&#8221; Seitz by designating the Junction City Community-Based
Outpatient Clinic (CBOC) as the &#8220;Lieutenant General Richard J. Seitz Community-Based Outpatient
Clinic.&#8221; The U.S. Department of Veterans&#8217; Affairs CBOC provides primary care, behavioral
health, personal care, laboratory, prescriptions and psychiatry services for veterans. Our country lost
a great man, a dedicated soldier, and an American hero when Lieutenant General Dick Seitz passed away
last year. He was a mentor, a friend, and someone I hold in extremely high regard. I felt it was important
to honor him in a way that would make him proud, and a way in which he can still be a part of the lives
of those who served our country. To learn more about Lt. Gen. Seitz&#8217; service,
click
here .
USDA
Disaster Designation I was pleased the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA) designated 37 counties in Kansas as natural disaster areas due to the severe and
ongoing drought. The Disaster Designation is welcome news at a time when Kansas producers are experiencing
the results of a devastating drought. In spite of the exceedingly dry conditions, this designation will
mitigate the drought&#8217;s effects and enable farmers and ranchers to continue their agricultural operations.
These
counties will now be eligible for important disaster programs, such as the emergency loan program administrated
by the Farm Service Agency (FSA). These programs will help the farmers and ranchers of Kansas make it
through one of the most difficult growing seasons on record. Affected farmers should contact their local
FSA office for more information:
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/ks
Delivering
Remarks at the Economic Mobility Caucus Event on Prize-Linked Savings On
Tuesday, I delivered remarks about innovative tools to encourage savings at a Senate Economic Mobility
Caucus event. Savings is a key component of economic mobility &#8211;helping Americans climb the
economic ladder and cushioning them from financial shocks that would threaten to reverse their progress.
The Pew Foundation&#8217;s Economic Mobility Project found that 71 percent of children born to high-saving
but low-income parents moved up from the bottom income quintile over one generation, compared to only
50 percent of children from similarly low-income households whose parents did not save.
According
to the 2013 Economic Report of the President, Americans&#8217; personal savings rate has declined about
56 percent over the past 50 years. As co-chair of the Senate Economic Mobility Caucus, I recently introduced
S.
1597, the American Savings Promotion Act , to help Americans
save. This bipartisan legislation would incentivize personal savings while never putting an individual&#8217;s
money at risk by allowing financial institutions to pair traditional savings accounts with opportunities
to win prizes. These prize-linked savings accounts have been shown to help people save who have never
saved before, as well as help low-income individuals save more than they previously were. Savers in the
prize-linked savings program in Nebraska, for example, are eligible for a $25,000 yearly grand prize.
Thanks to the Pew Foundation, Doorways to Dreams, and the Heritage Foundation for participating in this
event.
Wichita
State Shockers Remain Undefeated I was glad to see the
Wichita State Shockers play the Indiana State Sycamores at the Roundhouse on Saturday. The Shockers are
having an impressive season, as one of only three remaining undefeated teams in the country. The highly
anticipated game did not disappoint as the Shockers won 68 to 48 over the Sycamores. This win gave
the Shockers the best overall record in the Missouri Valley Conference. It was a great experience, and
I wish the Shockers the best for the remainder of their season. Robba and I also enjoyed visiting with
Scott City native and star player Ron Baker after the game.
Click
here
to see a photo.
Kansans
in the Office Daniel Woo of Lewis
Daniel Wood of Belpre
Alex Lovely of Manhattan
American
Academy of Pediatrics Alison Ast of Conway Springs
United
Way Amanda Michaelis of Salina
Nex-Tech Larry
Sevier of Lenora
James Todd of Lenora
Cutler
Repaving Inc John Rathbun of Lawrence
Bill Cooper of Salina
Rex Eberly of Salina
Neighborhood
Assistance Corporation of America Meghan H. Hernandez of Kansas
City
Capitol
Tour Troy Terry of Hays
April Terry of Hays
Madison Bainter of Hays
Ashley Golden of Wichita
Ross Arreguin of Topeka
Mackenzzy May of Wichita
Amy Floyd of Goodland
Craig Salminen of Wamego
Diana Salminen of Wamego
Cora Ballenger of Wamego
Elijah Wade of Alma
Honored
to Serve You in Washington It is an honor to serve you
in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their
thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words of Kansans, whether
in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
