DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
January 18,
2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Find Me on:
Marchant Opposes Omnibus Spending Bill
I voted against the omnibus spending bill for the same reasons I opposed the budget deal. This 1,500 page bill authorizes over $1 trillion in spending while doing little to reform wasteful federal programs.
When times are tight for the American people
as they are right now
families and individuals must identify what is most important and make fiscally responsible choices. Washington should be no different. With a national debt of more than $17
trillion, Congress must not continue to spend money we dont have. Americans deserve to have their hard-earned tax dollars treated more responsibly.
Constituent Survey Results
Thank you to everyone who took the time to
participate in my constituent survey and tell me what should be most
important for Congress in 2014. Below are the top answers for each of
the issue questions.
Question 1: Which of the following should be Congress highest priority in 2014?
Top Answer
Balance the budge/reduce the national debt (30%)
Question 2: In your opinion, what is the best way to promote economic growth and prosperity?
Top Answer
Lower tax rates and make the tax code simpler, flatter, and fairer (46%)
Question 3: Which of the following is most important for our healthcare system?
Top Answer
Repeal and replace Obamacare (34%)
I
truly appreciate all of your feedback. When considering issues before
me in Congress, it is critical that I understand where you stand and
what concerns you most. Please do not hesitate to contact me
contact me
or one of my offices with thoughts and questions. Your input helps me better serve you in Congress.
Service Academy Nomination Interviews
I enjoyed recently hosting Service Academy interviews with some of the best and brightest students from the 24th District. I am proud of these young adults who are eager to serve their country.
Please click
here
if you would like more information about applying to a U.S. Service Academy or the academy nomination process.
Pushing for Increased
Obamacare Transparency
I voted to pass two bills that would require the administration to be more transparent about problems with Obamacare .
The
Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act
would require the administration to promptly notify Americans if the security of their sensitive personal information has been compromised due to a breach in the Obamacare Exchange system.
The
Exchange Information Disclosure Act
would require the administration to release weekly updates on the status of Obamacares roll-out, including more detailed enrollment data and descriptions of ongoing problems with the website.
The underlying problems with the implementation of Obamacare could put the security of Americans sensitive personal information at risk and seriously impact citizens healthcare. It is irresponsible for the administration to keep the American people in the dark on these important issues.
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or e-mail me at
www.marchant.house.gov/contact .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
