
Candice Millers legislation is the important next step needed to keep this long-term, difficult process moving forward. The Great Lakes need protection from harmful invasive species like Asian carp and snakehead. Several studies have concluded that the CAWS leaves the Great Lakes and Mississippi basins at significant risk from the movement of aquatic invaders. The CAWS pathway must be addressed for the protection of the $7 billion fishery, the ecology of the region, and the millions of people who depend on the lakes for livelihoods, recreation, transportation, drinking water, and myriad other uses.
2/6/14 - Robert Lambe, Executive Secretary of the Great Lakes Fishery Commission
Traverse City Record-Eagle Editorial: Congress finally has chance to take action on carp
Millers bill is most welcome; it represents robust action on a more reasonable timetable and also addresses the daily flow of millions of gallons of Great Lakes water into the Mississippi basin through those Chicago connections. Predictably, a Chicago-area business coalition said Millers plan was too expensive and would harm the regions commercial shipping and pleasure boat industries. Compared to the damage the carp could do to the Great Lakes $7 billion-a-year sport fishing industry, thats chump change.
2/7/14 - Traverse City Record-Eagle Editorial Board
Canadian Members of Parliament Larry Miller & Patricia Davidson
I strongly support the legislation put forward by Candice Miller.
There have been instances where the current protection system has failed and Asian carp seen to find a way into the Great Lakes.
I fully agree that total separation is the only way to ensure that Asian carp do not enter the Great Lakes.
2/6/14 - Larry Miller, MP
I wholeheartedly support this bill so that we can ensure the productivity and sustainability of our mutual recreational and commercial fishing industries across the entirety of the Great Lakes. Our two countries have to do everything in our powers to prevent the Asian Carp from reaching the Great Lakes, and I fully support the construction of a physical barrier fully separating the infested waterways.
2/7/14 - Patricia Davidson, MP
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Millers Legislation to Prevent Asian Carp from Invading Great Lakes Gains Support
Feb 11, 2014
WASHINGTON
Since its introduction last week, U.S. Representative Candice Millers (MI-10) legislative proposal to prevent Asian carp from invading the Great Lakes, the Defending Against Aquatic Invasive Species Act of 2014 (H.R.
4001), has gained local and international support.
The Great Lakes Fishery Commission
Candice Millers legislation is the important next step needed to keep this long-term, difficult process moving forward. The Great Lakes need protection from harmful
invasive species like Asian carp and snakehead. Several studies have concluded that the CAWS leaves the Great Lakes and Mississippi basins at significant risk from the movement of aquatic invaders. The CAWS pathway must be addressed for the protection of the
$7 billion fishery, the ecology of the region, and the millions of people who depend on the lakes for livelihoods, recreation, transportation, drinking water, and myriad other uses.
2/6/14 - Robert Lambe, Executive Secretary of the Great Lakes Fishery Commission
Traverse
City Record-Eagle Editorial: Congress finally has chance to take action on carp
Millers bill is most welcome; it represents robust action on a more reasonable timetable and also addresses the daily flow of millions of gallons of Great Lakes
water into the Mississippi basin through those Chicago connections. Predictably, a Chicago-area business coalition said Millers plan was too expensive and would harm the regions commercial shipping and pleasure boat industries. Compared to the damage the
carp could do to the Great Lakes $7 billion-a-year sport fishing industry, thats chump change.
2/7/14 - Traverse City Record-Eagle Editorial Board
Canadian
Members of Parliament Larry Miller &amp; Patricia Davidson
I strongly support the legislation put forward by Candice Miller.
There have been instances where the current protection system has failed and Asian carp seen to
find a way into the Great Lakes.
I fully agree that total separation is the only way to ensure that Asian carp do not enter the Great Lakes.
2/6/14 - Larry Miller, MP
I wholeheartedly support this bill so that we can ensure the productivity and sustainability of our mutual recreational and commercial fishing industries across the
entirety of the Great Lakes. Our two countries have to do everything in our powers to prevent the Asian Carp from reaching the Great Lakes, and I fully support the construction of a physical barrier fully separating the infested waterways.
2/7/14 - Patricia Davidson, MP
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
