
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
January 28, 2014
Update My Profile
Website
|
16th District
|
About Vern
|
News
|
Services
|
Resources
|
Legislation
|
Contact
As the President prepares to
deliver his State of the Union address, I wanted to share with you my
thoughts on what Washington must do to revitalize economic growth and
prosperity.
Restoring the American dream through
opportunity
BY REP. VERN
BUCHANAN
January 25, 2014
For more than 30 years, my father
worked the assembly line at a factory just outside of Detroit. The hours
were long, the job was tough but he took pride in earning a paycheck
that paid the mortgage and put food on the table for his six children. He
taught me that achieving the American dream was possible for anyone
who rolled up their sleeves, worked hard and played by the
rules.
Yet for millions of Americans today, that dream is becoming
unattainable.
At the heart of America's financial engine lies
small businesses and entrepreneurs. Yet the sad reality is that these
job creators are facing unprecedented hurdles in the form of
suffocating regulations, a punishing tax code and a federal government that
eschews free-market principles. Instead of encouraging and rewarding
risk-taking, the policies coming out of Washington are strangling free
enterprise and adding mountains of debt onto the backs of our
children.
No wonder polls show that 46 percent of Americans think our
best days are behind us.
It doesn't have to be this way. The
United States did not become the greatest nation in the world by
accident. Our greatness flows from a tradition of self-reliance and an
optimism unshaken by adversity.
Economic growth that creates
jobs, opportunity and self-sufficiency is the catalyst to ensure a
vibrant middle class. By promoting the principles of our forefathers --
free markets, independence and small government, the American dream will
not only survive it will flourish.
Here are some specific
steps we can take to get our economy and country back on
track:
Job training
The next war we face
won't be on the battlefield, but in the global marketplace. China is
poised to pass America in 2017 as the world's largest economy with India
and Japan not far behind. That's why signing into law House-passed
legislation to help workers access the education and training they need to
compete in today's economy is so essential.
The
aptly-named SKILLS Act will eliminate arbitrary roadblocks that prevent workers
from acquiring the specific training needed to fill America's
increasing number of job vacancies.
We must also equip parents with
choice and equal opportunity to seek out great teachers and schools
to make it easier for students to access the right college and quality
job training.
Fewer
regulations
According to the Competitive Enterprise Institute, more than 3,700
federal regulations were issued last year alone at an annual cost of
more than $1.8 trillion. We should be encouraging job growth, not
suffocating America's workforce with a never-ending onslaught of unnecessary
regulations.
The Keystone pipeline exemplifies the
potential economic benefits of reducing legal and regulatory barriers. This
shovel-ready project offers us a prime opportunity to boost our nation's
energy security and strengthen the economy by creating tens of
thousands of new American jobs.
Simplify the tax
code
Some 74,000 pages in length, the U.S. tax code
punishes everyone from families trying to make ends meet to employers trying
to compete abroad. Instead of promoting economic growth and enhancing
our international competitiveness, it does just the
opposite.
It is time to get serious about passing a major tax reform
package. We can start by lowering corporate tax rates -- now the highest in
the world -- to encourage businesses to grow jobs at home and not watch
them disappear overseas.
Legal
reform
The United States has the costliest legal system in the world.
According to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the tort liability price
tag for small businesses is a whopping $105 billion
annually.
It's imperative that we eliminate frivolous lawsuits that unfairly
burden consumers and business owners with exorbitant
fees.
Cut government intrusion
Whether it's
snooping on the privacy of ordinary Americans or intentionally targeting
individuals who share opposing political views, our government has
overstepped any reasonable limits of self-control. In fact, a recent survey
revealed that 66 percent of Americans are either very or somewhat
dissatisfied with the government's size and power.
We are
never going to rebuild the prosperity that was once the envy of the world
until we put an end to Washington overreach, return power back to
states and individuals and restore trust in our public
institutions.
America is the greatest country in the history of the world.
Let's do everything possible to keep it that way now and in the
future.
U.S. Rep. Vern Buchanan, R-Longboat Key, is a member of
the House Ways &amp; Means Committee.
Sarasota District
Office
111 South Orange Avenue
Floor 2R, Suite 202W
Sarasota,
FL 34236
P | (941) 951-6643
F | (941) 951-2972
Bradenton District Office
1051 Manatee Avenue
West
Suite 305
Bradenton, FL 34205
P |
(941) 747-9081
F | (941) 748-1564
Washington
D.C. Office
2104 Rayburn
Washington, D.C. 20515 Phone:
(202) 225-5015
Fax: (202) 226-0828
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 