
February 4, 2014
Failed Policies and Empty Promises: The State of Our Union under Obama
The day after the State of the Union Address, I joined some of my colleagues in a focus group led by Fox's Sean Hannity to discuss our reactions to what we heard from the President. Click
here
to watch.
I went into the House Chamber Tuesday night hopeful that the President would put forth real solutions to move our country forward.
Instead, I heard more of the same rhetoric and policies that got us here in the first place - and no specifics on how to change it.
Now I'll give credit where it's due. The President is a great speaker. If his job was to give inspirational speeches, he'd be good at his job. Time after time, he speaks of hope and change and achieving the American dream - things we all want for our country. And Tuesday night proved no different when he gave his State of the Union Address.
But the President's ability to lead isn't built on his ability to deliver a speech.
Words are just words -
we need
specific, concrete solutions
to improve the state of our union.
Like his past State of the Union addresses, the President's speech Tuesday night focused on broad generalities that most people can agree on. But, like his past State of the Union addresses, once you start listening in more detail to his solutions for getting it done, it becomes clear that he's just doubling down on the same failed policies of the past five years. He talks about increasing oil and gas production in one breath (something the majority of Americans support) ... but in the next breath, he says hes going to shut federal lands down to oil and gas exploration.
Unlike his past State of the Union addresses, President Obama did actually propose a form of action to carry out his agenda:
E xecutive
action . During Tuesday's address, the President said that he
"would not wait for Congress"
to get what he wants - reaffirming that his plan for bettering our country is using a pen and a phone to go around Congress. He made it very clear Tuesday night that he has no intent of working with us or following the separation of powers prescribed by the Constitution. More disturbingly, he made it abundantly clear that in 2014 he'll continue to use executive orders to circumvent the legislative process - and continue to disregard Congress' Constitutional duty to enact laws.
Take away the fluffy rhetoric, lack of concrete solutions and push for executive orders - and the President's speech focused on something else:
cherry picking the facts . His address Tuesday night was chock-full of false claims and untruths. Here are some of the most blatant examples:
Energy Abundance
THE PRESIDENT'S CLAIM : Due to actions by this Administration, we are now the largest oil and gas producing nation in the world and on track to reach energy independence.
THE FACTS : Americas energy boom is occurring
in spite of
the Presidents policies - not because of them. Our nation's energy abundance is a result of private sector innovations and breakthrough technologies, not government mandates and stringent regulations. According to a report issued last year by the non-partisan Congressional Research Service, all of the increases in domestic oil production since 2007 have taken place on
non-federal
lands, where the federal government plays little to no role. The same report also reveals natural gas production fell by 33 percent on federal lands while production on state and private lands increased by 40 percent. The Obama Administration has actually driven
DOWN
energy production on federal lands to a ten-year low.
Obamacare
THE PRESIDENT'S CLAIM : Because of this (health care) law, no American can ever again be dropped or denied coverage for a preexisting condition like asthma, back pain or cancer. And we did all this while adding years to Medicare's finances, keeping Medicare premiums flat, and lowering prescription costs for millions of seniors.
THE FACTS : Because of Obamacare, Medicare premiums have gone
UP
- not stayed flat. Moreover, Medicare Advantage patients are
losing access to their doctors .
Not only did the President gloss over these facts in his address, but he also failed to mention the three main promises he touted in past speeches about Obamacare:
1. "If you like your health care plan, you can keep your health care plan." ( BROKEN PROMISE : More Americans who have signed up for Obamacare
lost coverage because of it
than those who were previously uninsured.)
2. "If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor." ( BROKEN PROMISE : On the contrary, Obamacare is causing patients to
lose access
to their trusted doctors. Millions already received notices that their current health plans have been cancelled, and that number is expected to exponentially grow. Americans across the country, including millions with employer-sponsored insurance, will continue to receive cancellation notices throughout the year.)
3. "Families will now save an average of $2,500 per year on their health care premiums." ( BROKEN PROMISE : Rather than facing savings, American families are just now beginning to face the real cost increases associated with the law:
skyrocketing premiums .)
During his speech of more than an hour,
not once
did the President address the three promises he made - and subsequently broke - to the American people.
Jobs and the Economy
THE PRESIDENT'S CLAIM : I want a flatter, fairer tax code that promotes economic growth and jobs.
THE FACTS : The President's proposal to achieve this?
More
tax hikes that support more spending and more bigger government. The Obama Administration's policies have piled
$6.5 trillion
to the national debt. Under the current Administration, unemployment has
doubled
(5.3%). Right now, we have the lowest labor force participation rate since the Carter Administration, with more people leaving the job market than entering.
Where We Go from Here
So we've heard the President's priorities when it comes to improving the current state of our country -
what about yours?
I conducted a
survey
on social media leading up to Tuesday's State of the Union to hear what YOU think are the most important issues facing our nation. Out of all the answers submitted, the most popular issues indicated were: our exploding national debt, the stagnant economy, and a general mistrust in government.
I agree . These are the issues we MUST focus on if we're serious about making things better for the American people. Half of Americans believe the current Administration is incompetent when it comes to running to the country, and the public's level of distrust of the federal government has never been higher. Is President Obama hearing this? It's obvious he stopped paying attention to the public's views on how things are going. That's the only explanation I can come up with for why he promoted
MORE
government
Tuesday night as a solution to alleviating the American people's dissatisfaction with... our government . The path to changing the status quo lies with our Commander in Chief. To move forward, the President needs to work to restore Americans' trust in the federal government.
To reiterate what my friend and colleague Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R-WA) laid out in the Republican Address to the Nation, we need to focus on empowering
people
-
not government
- to better the state of our economy and Americans' way of life. The solution is NOT forcing an agenda on the American people with a pen and a phone and executive orders. The real solution is for the President to work with us on the things that we can achieve together to create jobs and promote greater opportunity (to name a few: expanded markets for American exports, better skills and education programs, patent reform, fixing our tax code, or any of the dozens of other jobs bills stuck on Harry Reid's desk.)
Now that the State of the Union is behind us, I'm looking towards the Future of Our Union and achieving real solutions to move our country forward.
We can start by focusing on areas of common ground between both parties and going from there. If the President shifts his focus to joining us - rather than dividing us - I'm confident we can take meaningful steps towards ensuring a prosperous nation for generations to come, in an America where hardworking taxpayers can live the American dream.
P.S. Some of my House colleagues and I appeared on Hannity's special post-SOTU show last week to discuss our reactions to the President's address and where we go from here. In case you missed Wednesday's Hannity, you can catch the video of our focus group-style discussion from his post-SOTU show
here .
My OPM Oversight Bill Clears Harry Reid's Desk and Heads Towards the White House
Harry Reids desk became a little less cluttered last week.
On Wednesday, the Senate unanimously passed the
OPM IG Act , my bill to provide much-needed oversight to the Office of Personnel Management (OPM). Congressional investigations have uncovered serious allegations of fraud within the OPM's $2 billion revolving fund, including falsification of federal background checks, which have been cited as contributing factors to the Navy Yard shooting and the leaking of sensitive information by Edward Snowden. The OPM IG Act will allow for the OPM Inspectors General to use funds it already has to root out this type of fraud. In doing so, my bill will ensure government transparency and accountability and ensure taxpayer money is being spent as efficiently as possible. And if it's not, we'll know following a required audit.
In a divided government, bipartisan victories can be hard to reach
(*see Reids desk) . Im pleased that both parties could align on my effort to increase oversight over Americans hard-earned dollars. Its promising to see government transparency win over partisan politics - especially when that message reaches all the way to the White House.
House Passes Measure to Ban Federally-Funded Abortions
Last week, we
voted
227 - 188
1 to end the practice of taxpayer dollars going towards funding abortions.
H.R. 7
bundles all of the policies enacted over the last thirty years that prohibit federal funding for abortion into one comprehensive bill. More specifically, H.R. 7 prohibits the use of federal funds for abortions or for health plans that cover abortion procedures, with the exception of cases of rape, incest, or when the life of the mother is in danger. H.R. 7 also prevents premium tax credits and subsidies granted under Obamacare from being used for health plans that include elective abortion coverage.
Its not right that the government uses tax dollars belonging to people like me, who are 100% supportive of protecting the right to life, to fund something we believe is immoral. While I recognize that Roe v. Wades legalization of abortion is the law of the land, what I will not stand for is federal funds coming from those of us who are staunchly opposed to abortions further perpetuating it. Given that both Democrats and Republicans supported this measure out of the House, I hope the Senate can follow suit and take this matter up to end the practice of funding abortions at taxpayer expense.
Graphic
Photo of the Week
Follow Me on Twitter
Exciting news:
@tamusystem
teaming up with IBM to address our energy needs &amp; potentially save lives around the world:
http://news.tamus.edu/2014/01/29/texas-am-system-teams-with-ibm-to-drive-computational-sciences-research-through-big-data-and-analytics-2/
29 Jan 2014
They told us 9:01 start
#SOTU
#late
#DCtraffic ?
28 Jan 2014
Almost all the laptops in the house press gallery at
#SOTU
are Apples.
#OnceAGeek
28 Jan 2014
Back row of the Republican side at
#SOTU
in the folding chairs.. Should have gotten here earlier...
28 Jan 2014
Tomorrow, POTUS is expected to push for executive action during his
#SOTU
address. His solution: going around Congress with a pen &amp; a phone.
27 Jan 2014
Connect
Latest News
Local representatives react to State of the Union
Caller Times
State of the Union Takeaway: Dictatorship
Infowars.com
Obama power plays: An IRS tea party showdown - Tax filing season opens today
Politico
Top 5: Technology &amp; Transportation
SXTXState
Coming Up This Week...
Judiciary Committee Hearing:
Examining Recommendations to Reform FISA Authorities
Tuesday, February 4
10:00 a.m. ET
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing:
"ObamaCare: Why the Need for an Insurance Company Bailout?"
Wednesday, February 5
9:30 a.m. ET
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee Hearing:
The FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012: Two Years Later
Wednesday, February 5
10:00 a.m. ET
2167 Rayburn House Office Building
We should be voting on...
H.R. 1791
- Medical Preparedness Allowable Use Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Gus Bilirakis / Homeland Security Committee)
H.R. 357
- GI Bill Tuition Fairness Act of 2013, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Jeff Miller / Veterans Affairs Committee)
H.R. 3590
- Sportsmens Heritage and Recreational Enhancement Act of 2013 (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Bob Latta / Natural Resources Committee / Agriculture Committee / Judiciary Committee / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee / Energy and Commerce Committee)
H.R. 3964
- Sacramento-San Joaquin Valley Emergency Water Delivery Act, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. David Valadao / Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 2954
- The Public Access and Lands Improvement Act, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Jeff Miller / Natural Resources Committee)
Scenes from the 27th District
This week, my Veterans Field Representative Rene Coronado presented a certificate of Special Congressional Recognition to Ms. Gloria Picon-McDad in honor of her 30 years of service to Victoria County and our veterans as Veterans County Service Officer. Gloria was recently recognized as Top Public Servant in Victoria County by the Victoria Advocates Golden Crescent Magazine.
Shown here is CCAD Commanding Officer Col. Pogue addressing community leaders (including my Chief of Staff Bob Haueter) at the conclusion of a day-long strategic planning session held at Naval Air Station Corpus Christi.
My Field Representative Casey Newman, presented on my behalf certificates to all of the award recipients at the Victoria Chamber Banquet Thursday evening, including
Karoyn Scogin: Victoria Ambassador of the Year
Trust Texas Bank: Victoria Small Business of the Year
Warm Springs Specialty Hospital: Victoria Corporate Business of the Year
Dennis Patillo: Victoria Citizen of the Year
From My Instagram
The day after the State of the Union, I joined some of my colleagues in a focus group led by
@sean_hannity
to discuss our reactions to the Presidents address and where we go from here
Behind-the-scenes at the taping of our post-SOTU segment on Wednesday's special
@foxnews
Hannity
From DC to Toronto: Chatting with Sun News Network host Pat Bolland via Skype before the Presidents #SOTU address
About to go into executive session to examine security issues with healthcare.gov at our Oversight Committee hearing
(Shot I captured leaving the House Chamber following the President's address Tuesday night)
Grrrrrr snowing. I'm ready for spring.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here