DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
February 25, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Greetings from the 19th
Dear Friend,
I am heading to Washington today after a busy 13 days traveling around the 19th District.
At numerous locations, I was able to
talk to your friends and neighbors , including constituent meetings in many of our district offices.
I also was able to celebrate different community events with our local towns, including honoring our first responders in Cobleskill and Black History Month in Kingston.
In Sullivan County, I was able to support two charitable events
in Monticello, I toured PRASAD CDHPs mobile dental clinic at the Cooke Elementary School, which is raising awareness on the importance of oral health.
And in Harris, I was able to speak on the radio in support of the Heart-A-Thon for Catskill Regional Medical Center.
In addition, I joined with local farmers and other agricultural advocates announcing the successes and benefits for Upstate New York in the recently enacted farm bill.
This included
joining with Mayor Shayne Gallo at the Kingston Winter Farmers Market
and
with local farmers in Otsego County .
I also attended the
Farming Our Future Conference in Taconic Hills, along with state and local leaders .
This allowed us to highlight provisions in the Farm Bill that will encourage and assist our next generation of farmers as they take up the profession.
With 57 as the average age of a farmer in New York, it is critically important we inspire new farmers
both for the viability of our local farms and to ensure we have a stable, domestic food supply.
Related, I had the opportunity to
attend the Rensselaer Plateau Alliance Gathering in Averill Park , which promotes conservation efforts, along with
an event in Ghent with the Preservation League .
In Hoosick Falls, I met with local officials on recent flooding.
Were continuing to look at remediation efforts, and this is part of my broader Watershed Advisory Committee work.
We are working to find ways to balance the economic needs of local communities with efforts to prevent flooding.
Finally, I toured a few different small businesses, and discussed ways the federal government can help support economic growth and job creation. Principally, we need lower healthcare and energy costs, regulations that make sense and dont needlessly hinder growth, and tax reform that lowers rates for our small businesses.
I will continue to work toward these goals in Congress.
As always, please contact me or my office if we can be of assistance.
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
Troy Record:
Gibson calls for U.S. military restraint
Register Star :
Road to Lower Speed Limit Ends in Victory for Hamlet
MidHudson News :
Gibson Welcomes New Americans
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
My Committees
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1708 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5614
F (202) 225-1168
Click Here Click Here