Click here to view this message in your browser.
Websi te
|
Biography
|
Constituent Services
|
The 16th District
|
Press Room
|
Committees
|
Contact
Dear Friends,
Along with the welcome sight of rain, this week brought victories that will provide real relief and greater certainty to our Valley. Thursday, our farmers who had planned for this dry water year gave a sigh of relief when the Bureau of Reclamation announced that they would honor rescheduled water deliveries. Earlier this week, the House approved a long-overdue, compromise Farm Bill that is now headed to the Senate for final approval. Both of these successes were the result of bipartisan coordinated efforts that put results first, and I was proud to be a part of these efforts.
Responsible farmers took steps last year to hedge against this year&rsquo;s drought conditions by conserving water that could be carried over. I was proud to help lead the charge to protect this $150 million investment with the support of Sens. Feinstein and Boxer along with Reps. Kevin McCarthy, Devin Nunes, and David Valadao. By presenting a united, bipartisan front we made your concerns known to the Administration and the Bureau of Reclamation.
This year is going to bring unprecedented water management challenges, and I applaud the Bureau and the Administration for making a fair decision to preserve rescheduled water deliveries. Given the sensitivity and far-reaching impact of these decisions, we have to work together to balance the interests and provide as much assistance as possible to all water users.
After more than three years of bipartisan negotiations, two marathon committee mark-ups, and multiple floor debates, we finally have a compromise Farm Bill agreement that I am confident will be signed into law shortly.
As the highest ranking Californian on the House Agriculture Committee, I fought to exclude harmful language that would have put our egg industry at a competitive disadvantage and to give our dairy farmers the opportunity to join the Federal Milk Marketing Order. The many victories for our Valley in the bill among others include:
Renews agriculture disaster assistance programs that help farmers, ranchers, and dairy producers keep their operations afloat during difficult times such as the current drought in California.
$550 million over 10 years for the Specialty Crop Research Initiative (SCRI) to encourage the development of new technologies and improved efficiencies in the production of specialty crops, plus $25 million for emergency citrus disease research.
$800 million for the Specialty Crop Block Grants Program over 10 years to strengthen the market for the specialty crops we grow in our Valley like fruits, vegetables, and nuts.
$700 million over 10 years to prevent the introduction and spread of plant pests and diseases.
Expansion of Risk Management options for specialty crops and underserved commodities.
Maintains level funding ($1.75 billion) for the Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) with a 25 million dollar carve out for air quality mitigation that assists farmers with upgrades that improve Valley air.
Though this was not a perfect bill, it does provide the certainty we need to allow our farmers to keep doing what they do best - growing the healthiest, safest foods in the world. There is more work to do on issues such as resolving the meat labeling issue that put ranchers and poultry producers business at risk with important trade partners, but overall this is a good bill for California.
Please feel free to
contact me
on this or any other federal issue of importance to you. If you know other people in our community who would benefit from occasional updates on issues important to our veteran community, please
forward this email
and ask them to contact my office to be added to this distribution list.
Sincerely,
Jim Costa
Member of Congress
Fresno Office
855 M Street, Suite 940
Fresno, CA 93721
Phone:559-495-1620
Fax:559-495-1027
Washington, DC Office
1314 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:202-225-3341
Fax: 202-225-9308
Click here to unsubscribe from e-newsletter updates
