
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
Saturday, January 25, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
13th Congressional District E-Newsletter, 1/25/14
Dear friend,
In just a few days President Obama will deliver his annual State of the Union Address to a joint session of Congress and the American people. But before the President lays out his plan for 2014, I want to hear from you.
What are some of the things you think the President will talk about during his address? What things would you like him to cover throughout the speech? What issues are most important to you and your family that you think need to be discussed and addressed on the national stage?
Please take a few moments to send me an email
to share your thoughts; I look forward to hearing from you.
In response to the Federal Emergency Management Agencys (FEMA) decision to deny the state of Illinois request for public assistance following the devastating storms on November 17, 2013, I joined with my colleagues U.S. Reps. John Shimkus, Aaron Schock, Adam Kinzinger, Cheri Bustos, and Bill Enyart to introduce bipartisan legislation to finally bring fairness to the FEMA disaster declaration process.
Time and time again weve seen FEMA deny downstate communities from receiving federal assistance following storms. Gifford and Washington are two of the most recent examples, but just two years ago Harrisburg in Southern Illinois was denied as well. It simply isnt right when a storm leaves behind damage in Missouri, Illinois and Kentucky and the only communities to be denied federal assistance are in Illinois. The current system puts downstate and rural communities at a strong disadvantage, and that has to change.
Click here to read more about this important piece of legislation .
If you havent already, be sure to like my
Facebook page , follow me on
Twitter , and check out my
YouTube channel
to stay informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and in Illinois.
As always, it is truly an honor to serve you. Please contact my staff in Washington, DC at 202.225.2371, Champaign at 217.403.4690, Decatur at 217.791.6224, Normal at 309.252.8834, Glen Carbon at 618.205.8660 or Taylorville at 217.824.5117 if we can be of any assistance to you, or if youd like to share your thoughts on the issues before Congress.
In service,
Rodney Davis
Budget Agreement
In the budget agreement signed into law by the President last week, there were some great victories for the 13th Congressional District.
Throughout the past two months, I worked with the House negotiators to ensure that we included language to protect the funding for contract control towers, in locations like Bloomington, Bethalto and Decatur, for another year and provide the airports with the certainty they need to plan for the future.
Click here to read more about protecting these control towers .
Additionally, language was included in the bill to help the Army Corps of Engineers address the on-going issues with the Wood River levee.
Click here for more information .
Despite these things, the budget we approved was not perfect, and we will work over the next few months to make some very necessary changes, including restoring the changes to the COLAs for military retirees.
Video of the week
On Thursday I stopped by WCIA in Champaign to talk with Jennifer Roscoe on the 5pm news broadcast.
Check out the interview here.
Photo of the week
Throughout the last week, I had the opportunity to meet with dozens of constituents at my traveling office hours in Clinton and Monticello and attend many other meetings and events in the 13th District. On Wednesday I had the pleasure of stopping by the Monticello Rotary Club to deliver a few remarks to those in attendance.
Rodney in the news
Revision sought for FEMA rules
Davis: Budget deal could be good sign
Congressman Davis on WFMB with Steve Bridge 1-20-13
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here