DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
February 12, 2014
Dear Friend,
As your United States Congressman, it is my goal to keep you up to date on all of the work I am doing both in our nations capital and northern New Jersey.
Whether youre on
Facebook ,
Twitter ,
YouTube,
or prefer to get your information via email through the
Garrett Gazette , I want to make it as easy as possible to communicate the work Im doing for New Jerseys Fifth District.
In addition to my
Washington, D.C.
office, I have two district offices conveniently located in
Glen Rock
in Bergen County and in
Newton
in Sussex County, all of which are staffed on a full-time basis.
My staff and I are here to serve you in a number of ways no matter where youre located.
My staff in Glen Rock and Newton provide services including
assistance with federal agencies , coordinating
nominations to our nations service academies , organizing the
annual Congressional Art Competition
and
offering internships
to eligible college students.
In addition, my staff regularly holds in-person
Mobile Constituent Service
hours in towns throughout the district to answer questions and help with federal agencies.
In Washington, D.C., my staff can arrange to have a
flag flown
over the Capitol building in honor of a special event, help
facilitate tours
of all the must-see sites in our nation's capital including the United States Capitol, the Pentagon, the Supreme Court and the White House, and
offers internships
to eligible college students.
They are also available to help answer any questions you may have about legislation working its way through Congress.
Of course, I encourage you to
send me
your opinions, questions, and comments by email or telephone, and I will make sure you get a response in a timely manner.
It is an honor to serve you, and it is my goal to have the most current information available to you.
Tell me, how do
you prefer
to receive updates on my work in Congress?
[ ]
The Garrett Gazette E-Newsletter
[ ]
Facebook
[ ]
Twitter
[ ]
YouTube
[ ]
Telephone Town Hall
[ ]
Traditional Mail
[ ]
Other
Sincerely,
Scott Garrett
Join Me Online
Want to stay on top of the work I am doing in Washington, D.C.?
Sign-up for the
Garrett Gazette , my e-newsletter!
Become a fan of my
Facebook
page today.
You can also follow me on
Twitter .
I regularly post up-to-the-minute updates on my work on Capitol Hill, my commentary on important news items and information about great things happening in Northern New Jersey.
Get involvedbecome part of the conversation today!
Help with a Federal Agency
One of the greatest honors I have as a
Congressman is helping residents of the Fifth District communicate with federal agencies and resolving any difficulties with them.
For more information on the services I can offer, click
here .
Eastern District Office
266 Harristown Rd, Suite 104
Glen Rock, NJ 07452
Phone: (201) 444-5454
Fax: (201) 444-5488
Western District Office
83 Spring Street, Suite 302A
Newton, NJ 07860
Phone: (973) 300-2000
Fax: (973) 300-1051
Washington, DC
2232 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4465
Fax: (202) 225-9048
CONNECT WITH SCOTT GARRETT
Click Here Click Here