
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
DISTRICT
CONTACT
RESOURCES
January 19, 2014
Transportation's Public-Private Partnerships
Panel
As a businessman, I see significant value
in collaboration between the private sector and the government on
important issues such as infrastructure. Last year, I joined the new
bipartisan Congressional Caucus on Public-Private Partnerships to examine
how to best utilize these partnerships in addressing a range of
transportation issues.
Now, I
am honored to have been selected to serve on the Transportation and
Infrastructure Committee's newly-established special panel on
public-private partnerships alongside colleagues from both sides of the aisle. I
look forward to exploring innovative ways to leverage these
partnerships to meet our nations pressing infrastructure
needs.
Click here to read more about this new
panel .
Habitat
Charlotte CEO Testifies Before House
Committee
Frank Spencer, President
and CEO of Habitat Charlotte, testified before the House Committee on
Financial Services this week about the harmful impacts of Dodd-Frank's
mortgage rules.
Read more about his testimony in
this article from the
Charlotte
Observer .
The
Protecting Habitat Homeownership Act
would save
Habitat, and other organizations like it, millions of dollars each year
in unnecessary, burdensome compliance costs.
Click
here to become a citizen cosponsor of this legislation to help Habitat
build homes for more families .
Tying Unemployment Benefits to
Job-Growth
Policies
The state of the job market in our nation is unacceptable.
Millions of Americans, including far too many in Western North Carolina,
continue to search for work without success. Though the federal
government is considering another extension for unemployment benefits, isnt
that only another bandage for the real
problem?
Extending unemployment benefits
without doing anything to create jobs simply forces us to repeat that same
action again and again. We have extended these benefits 11 times over
the past five years, clearly demonstrating the need for a more
effective solution.
This week, Congressman Charlie Dent (PA-15) and I introduced
the
GROWTH (Generating Real Opportunities for Workers and Transitional
Help) Act , a conservative approach that makes necessary reforms
to the unemployment insurance program while bolstering job
creation.
This plan, which includes measures to eliminate
fraud, waste and abuse within the unemployment benefits system, would
extend these benefits for an additional 12 months while reducing the
amount of time a person is eligible to receive them. It also includes the
following bipartisan measures to promote economic
growth:
Approving the Keystone XL pipeline, allowing
construction to begin on the project and potentially creating 42,000
jobs;
Repealing the job-killing, innovation-stifling
medical device tax, potentially saving 43,000 jobs;
and
Restoring the 40-hour work week, in response to the Affordable Care
Acts stipulation of 30 hours, to protect workers from having their
hours cut or jobs eliminated.
This
legislation is designed to assist our fellow Americans who need a helping
hand while addressing the root causes of joblessness through
conservative solutions.
Recent Legislation Passed by the
House
H.R. 3811
Health Exchange Security and
Transparency Act:
Requires the Secretary of HHS to notify
all individuals within two business days of a security breach in any
system maintained by an exchange (both state and federal) which is
known to have resulted in personally identifiable data being stolen or
unlawfully accessed. Passed the House in a vote of 291-122 with my
support.
H.R. 3362
Exchange Information
Disclosure Act:
Amends the Patient Protection and Affordable Care
Act to expand reporting requirements related to health care
exchanges. Requires the HHS secretary to publish reports weekly through March
31, 2015, on: (1) consumer interactions with healthcare.gov or
subsequent sites and any efforts undertaken to remedy problems that impact
taxpayers and consumers, (2) calls to the federal customer service call
center, including the number of calls received by the call center,
problems identified by users, and referrals of those calls; (3) all
navigators and certified application counselors that have been trained and
certified by health care exchanges; and (4) all agents and brokers who
have been trained and certified by the federal health care exchange.
Passed the House in a vote of 259-154 with my
support.
Washington D.C.
1516 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 2022256401
hours: M-F
9-5:00pm
Caldwell Office
2345 Morganton
Blvd.
Lenoir, NC 28645
phone: 8284268701
hours: M-F 9-5:00pm
Haywood
Office
285 N. Main St.
Waynesville, NC 28786
phone: 8284526022
hours: M,W,Th,F 9-5:00pm
Henderson Office
200 N. Grove
Street
Suite 90
Hendersonville, NC 28792
phone: 8286935660
hours: M-F 9-5:00pm
Mitchell
Office
11 Crystal Street
Spruce
Pine, NC 28777
phone: 8287650573
hours: M,T,W,F 9-5:00pm
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 