
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Febuary 6, 2014
Celebrating the Legacy of Civil Rights
On April 12, 1963, Martin Luther King, Jr. sat in a small, grey jail cell in Birmingham Alabama, reading a newspaper article questioning his tactics in the struggle for civil rights and labeling him an &ldquo;outsider.&rdquo; With no real stationary, Martin Luther King, Jr. penned his famous &ldquo;Letter from Birmingham Jail&rdquo; in the margins of the newspaper and on scrap paper borrowed from another prisoner. He explained that combating injustice is not just a local issue, and in the United States, there are no outsiders:
I cannot sit idly by in Atlanta and not be concerned about what happens in Birmingham. Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. We are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny. Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. Never again can we afford to live with the narrow, provincial "outside agitator" idea. Anyone who lives inside the United States can never be considered an outsider anywhere within its bounds.
This year&rsquo;s Black History Month theme is Civil Rights, focusing on the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
A year after the historic March on Washington in 1963, highlighted by Reverend Martin Luther King&rsquo;s &ldquo;I Have A Dream&rdquo; speech, Congress finally passed this momentous civil rights law.
The Civil Rights Act of 1964 outlawed discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex or national origin, including barring discrimination in all facilities open to the public, thereby ending the Jim Crow era in regions of the country.
Despite the significance of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, there is much more work that needs to be done.
Unfortunately, in June 2013, the Supreme Court issued a controversial 5-to-4 decision in the Shelby County vs. Holder case that severely weakened the Voting Rights Act. I believe Congress needs to act this year to pass bipartisan legislation to once again strengthen the Voting Rights Act, while complying with the Supreme Court ruling &ndash; in order to fully ensure every citizen has the right to vote.
The right to vote is the cornerstone of our democracy. Our country is strong because we share the promises of freedom and opportunity, and we share the responsibility for protecting these values.
Ed marching in the 2014 MLK Parade
Congratulations to all our athletes competing in the 2014 Winter Olympics
This Olympics, we have 20 athletes representing Colorado at Sochi Winter Games. I am excited to cheer on Team USA and watch us bring home some medals. Go USA!
Traveling to the Sochi?
We are quickly approaching the start of the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi. If you plan on attending the games, please be sure to be safe and sign up with the
Smart Traveler Enrollment Program (STEP) . This program notifies you about local travel advisories and helps friends and families get in touch with you in case of emergency.
The program is also available through the mobile app in iTunes or Google Play.
Click here for more information and travel tips about Sochi.
Colorado Natives:
Jeremy Abbot
&ndash; Aspen (Figure Skating)
Lanny Barnes
&ndash; Durango (Biathlon)
Lyman Currier
&ndash; Boulder (Freestyle Skiing)
Bryan Fletcher
&ndash; Steamboat Springs (Nordic Combined)
Taylor Fletcher
&ndash; Steamboat Springs
(Nordic Combined)
Arielle Gold
&ndash; Steamboat
Springs (Snowboarding)
Taylor Gold
&ndash; Steamboat Springs (Snowboarding)
Simi
Hamilton
&ndash; Aspen (Cross Country Skiing)
Noah Hoffman
&ndash; Aspen (Nordic
Skiing)
Heidi Kloser
&ndash; Vail (Freestyle
Skiing)
Todd Lodwick
&ndash;
Steamboat Springs (Nordic Combined)
Justin Reiter
- Steamboat Springs (Snowboarding)
Mikaela Shiffrin
&ndash; Vail (Slalom
Skiing)
Torin Yater Wallace
&ndash; Basalt
(Freestyle Skiing)
University of Denver:
Keri
Herman
&ndash;
Breckenridge
(Freestyle Skiing)
Currently Residing in Colorado:
Aaron Blunck
&ndash; Crested Butte (Freestyle Skiing)
David Chodounsky
- Crested Butte
(Slalom Skiing)
Bobby Brown
&ndash; Breckinridge (Freestyle Skiing)
Gus Kenworthy
&ndash; Telluride (Freestyle Skiing)
Paul Stastny
&ndash; Denver (Ice Hockey)
Consumer Help: Target Data Breach
As you may know, the retail store Target experienced a security breach in the three weeks after Thanksgiving of 2013. As a result, millions of credit and debit card numbers were stolen.
Like my family, if you visited Target between November 27 and December 15, you may be affected. It's important to check your bank statements for any purchases you don't recognize. If you see any anomalies, contact your bank by calling the number at the back of your bank card. Many banks are proactively replacing their customers' bank cards and sending replacement cards (mine did). Make sure to continue to check your mail for any replacement cards or information from your bank. If your bank didn't already replace your card, ask for a new one and also change your PIN.
According to information I received from Target, there is no indication your social security number was compromised, and you are not liable for any charges on your card you didn't make. It's important to be wary of calls or email scams appearing to offer protection, but are really trying to get personal information from you. It's safer to navigate directly to websites rather than clicking on links within emails.
For more information on Target&rsquo;s response, click here .
Target is offering a year's free credit monitoring and identity theft protection to all customers who shopped during the affected dates.
Click here for more information and to request an activation code .
You&rsquo;re invited!
Tuition Fair
Are you interested in higher education? I&lsquo;m hosting a Tuition Fair and Scholarship Panel in conjunction with College in Colorado; come and learn all the different ways to pay for Higher Education. We will feature many different organizations, schools, and scholarships available for students.
When:
Saturday, February 8th from 10am to Noon.
Where:
Westminster High School - 6933 Raleigh Street in Westminster, CO 80030 |
MAP
Click here to RSVP!
Telephone Town Hall
Do you have questions about upcoming legislation? Next month, join me from the comfort of your own home for a telephone town hall. I want to hear what you think about current issues in Colorado and Congress.
When:
Wednesday, February 18 from 7:00 to 8:00PM
How:
Click here to sign up!
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
