
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear
David,
This week I joined my colleagues in the U.S.
House of Representatives in supporting legislation to set federal
government spending levels for the 2014 Fiscal Year. With this vote, the House
came together in a bi-partisan fashion to cut spending and put our
countrys fiscal house on a stable and secure path
all while not
raising taxes on the American people.
Since Republicans took
control of the House in 2010, federal spending has been cut by $165
billion (Source: House GOP Conference). Furthermore, for the first time
since the Korean War, spending has been cut four years in a row. In
passing this legislation, we have made the tough decisions this
country needs: prioritizing our spending, protecting our troops and
veterans, cutting wasteful programs, and giving all hardworking Americans
certainty.
Among the bills provisions are the
following:
Full pensions for medically retired (disabled) military
personnel and survivor benefit plan recipients.
No new
or additional funding for Obamacare. The bill also cuts $10 million
from the Independent Payment Advisory Board and prevents the Secretary
of the Department of Health and Human Services from siphoning a $1
billion Obamacare slush fund.
A one-year delay of the
flood insurance rate increases for newly mapped
properties.
A GAO feasibility study for Medicare smart cards, which would lay the
framework for Congress to implement a provision within the Medicare
Abuse Prevention (MAP) Act, legislation I have sponsored to reduce
fraud in the Medicare program.
Sincerely,
Gus Bilirakis
Member of Congress
Do you want to know what Congress has been up
to the past few weeks? Watch my legislative recap below.
VIDEO:
Congressman Bilirakis recaps the House's efforts over the last few
weeks
Friday the
House passed
the Health Exchange
Information Disclosure Act , legislation introduced by Energy and
Commerce Committee member Rep. Lee Terry (R-NE), to require weekly
updates from the administration on the enrollment details and functionality
of the health laws exchanges. This bill will require the
Administration to be more transparent about basic enrollment figures, so we can
understand what is working and what is not working when it comes to
Obamacare enrollment and the Healthcare.gov
website.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
