
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
January 19, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact
Me
|
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th District
Dear Friend,
Welcome to my
Washington Update, an e-newsletter for the constituents of California's
28th Congressional District. This e-newsletter provides a way for you
to keep me informed of your views and interests. You can do this by
clicking on the survey question, which appears on the right. In addition
to participating in the survey, I would encourage you to send any more
detailed thoughts
by email .
Congress
Passes Landmark Rep. Schiff/Senator Feinstein Legislation to Reduce
Helicopter Noise in Los Angeles
This week,
the House of Representatives and Senate passed a year-long spending
package which included a provision directing the Secretary of the
Department of Transportation and FAA to address helicopter noise in Los
Angeles County skies. Residents of the Los Angeles region have been
plagued for decades by frequent and disruptive helicopter noise, and
despite persistent efforts to work on a collaborative basis with
stakeholders to reduce the impact of helicopter noise, little has changed. This
provision will require the FAA to develop regulations related to the
impact of helicopter use on the quality of life of LA County residents
within one year unless the FAA can demonstrate the effectiveness of the
six voluntary action items in the helicopter noise
report.
After years of pushing, residents should finally begin to see some
relief from unnecessary helicopter noise, said Schiff. This
legislation will hold the FAAs feet to the fire and ensure that they are
making every effort to reduce helicopter noise. Now, the FAA will have one
year to act on its pledge to reduce helicopter noise through voluntary
measures, or be forced to put in place real rules to provide relief
to homeowners.
Read More:
Los Angeles Daily News
Federal spending bill passage could reduce L.A. helicopter
noise
Los Angeles
Times
Congress OKs measure to cut helicopter noise in L.A.
County
KPCC
Airtalk
Provision in Federal spending bill could reduce
helicopter noise in Los Angeles County
Glendale News-Press
House passes Schiff
provision on helicopter
noise
Rep. Schiff Helps Secure Vital Funding for JPL and Planetary Science
Exploration
This week,
Congress passed a year-long spending package, which included $1.345
billion for planetary science spending, including $65 million for a
return to Mars (known as Mars 2020) and $80 million for a mission to
Europa.
This level of funding was much higher than the original
budget request from the White House, and will help maintain the pool of
skilled workers at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in Pasadena, and
maintain America's preeminence in planetary
science.
Schiff said: I am pleased that the spending bill contains strong
funding for the continued development of the Mars 2020 rover and for a
mission to Jupiter and its moon Europa. I hope that this will dissuade the
Administration from putting forward a 2015 budget that again seeks to
cut funding for NASAs pathbreaking exploration of our solar system.
Congress has now sent a clear message time and time again to NASA and
OMB about the importance of sufficient funding for the planetary
science program, but I continue to hear disquieting rumors that there may
be further attempted cuts in the FY 2015 budget, including possible
delays to the next two Mars missions and shutting down some current
missions.
If any such proposals are included in the upcoming budget,
my colleagues and I will fight them.
Read
More:
Los Angeles
Times
NASA gets some funding for Mars 2020 rover in
federal spending bill
Pasadena Star-News
JPLs Mars
2020 rover benefits from spending
bill
Rep. Schiff to Host Town Hall to Discuss the Rim of the
Valley
Next Wednesday
On Wednesday, January 22 at 6 pm, Rep. Adam
Schiff (D-Burbank) will host a town hall meeting at the
Crescenta-Caada Family YMCA to discuss the future of the Rim of the Valley (ROV).
Congressman Schiff wants to hear from his constituents and other
stakeholders, including members of organizations, businesses and other
institutions, their views on whether they would like to see the ROV
included within a new recreation area, part of the Santa Monica
Mountains Recreation Area, or part of a new San Gabriel
park.
In 2008, Congress passed Schiff's bill directing the Park Service to
conduct a special resource study to determine the possibility of
providing federal protection to the Rim of the Valley
an area which
stretches from the existing Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation
Area, through the Simi Hills and Santa Susannas, Verdugos, and on to the
San Gabriel Mountains. The study explored whether any portion of the
Rim of the Valley study area was eligible to become a unit of a
national park system or added to an existing one, and how the resources could
be protected and best utilized by the public. In the fall of 2012,
the National Park Service released its preliminary findings, and offered
four initial alternatives
Alternatives A through D
and opened up
the conversation for public comment. Thousands of residents and
members of government agencies, organizations and other institutions
submitted their comments to both the NPS and Congressman Schiffs office.
Over 4750 individuals wrote in supporting a combination of the
boundary adjustment for alternatives C and D, which would adjust the
boundary of the recreation area to connect many people in urban areas to
the park, as well as provide key habitat protections. The Park Service
is now in the process of developing a recommendation to present to
Congress that will take into account the public comments, and expects to
publish a draft of their recommendation to Congress for the Rim of the
Valley this summer.
This town hall will be hosted at the
Crescenta-Caada Family YMCA Auditorium ( 1930 Foothill Blvd, La
Caada Flintridge, CA 91011 )
at 6
pm .
Read More:
Crescenta Valley Weekly
Schiff to Hold Rim of the Valley
Discussion
Valley Sun
Schiff to talk Rim of the Valley
park
Rep. Schiff
Solicits Nominations for Annual Woman of the Year
Award
Every
Every March, in
recognition of Womens History Month, Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Burbank) honors
outstanding women from his district.
The 28th Congressional
District includes the cities and communities of Atwater Village, Burbank,
East Hollywood, Echo Park, Elysian Valley, Glendale, Griffith Park,
Hollywood, Hollywood Hills, La Caada Flintridge, La Crescenta, Los Feliz,
Montrose, Pasadena, Shadow Hills, Silver Lake, Sunland, Tujunga and
West Hollywood. Constituents are encouraged to nominate women in their
community
while there are no specific criteria for nomination, Rep.
Schiff looks for women who
through their work or volunteerism
have
improved the quality of life in our community. Nominations can be sent
to Mary Hovagimian ( mary.hovagimian@mail.house. gov ). Nominations should
include a written description of your nominees accomplishments, the
home address, phone number and e-mail of the nominee, and the
nominator's name and contact
information.
Recipients of the Woman of
the Year Award come from all walks of life and represent the thousands
of women who make a positive impact in our region, Rep. Schiff said.
I urge constituents to contact my office and let us know about some
of the admirable women in our communities by nominating them for this
years award.
The deadline for nominations
is
February 21,
2014 .
News You Can
Use
Job-Related Education, Training, and Other Resources:
As a way to
help expand your professional opportunities, check out
job-related education and training information
on CareerOneStop . You'll find resources on certifications,
apprenticeships, financial aid, and more. Visit
USA.gov's Finding a Job
to search for jobs, get
resume and interview tips, and avoid job
scams.
Order FREE publications to make 2014 your
healthiest year yet:
The New Year is just a few weeks away, and
its never too early to start thinking about your resolutions. Make 2014
your healthiest year yet with a free packet of publications from
USA.gov! Get the facts on some of the most common health concerns that
could impact you or your loved ones -- like high blood pressure and sleep
problems -- and resolve to find healthy ways to manage them. Learn
how to recognize and avoid quick fixes and scams. And keep your wallet
healthy too with money-saving tips from the Consumer Action
Handbook.
Order free copies for you and
your friends and family
today .
Apply to be on FEMA Youth Preparedness Board:
The U.S.
Department of Homeland Securitys Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) is seeking applicants for its Youth Preparedness Council. The
Youth Preparedness Council is a unique opportunity for youth leaders to
serve on a highly distinguished national council and participate in the
Youth Preparedness Council Summit. Additionally, the youth leaders
have the opportunity to complete a self-selected youth preparedness
project and to share their opinions, experiences, ideas, solutions and
questions regarding youth disaster preparedness with the leadership of
FEMA and national youth preparedness organizations.
Once selected,
members serve on the Council for one year, with the option to extend
for an additional year, if formally requested by FEMA. Youth
interested in applying to the Council must submit a completed application form
and two letters of recommendation.
Specific information
about completing and submitting the application and attachments can be
found in the application instructions.
All applications and
supporting materials must be received
no later than
February 24, 2014, 11:59 p.m.
EST
in order to be eligible.
New Youth
Preparedness Council members will be announced in May 2014.
For
more information about the Youth Preparedness Council and to access the
application materials, please visit http://www.ready.gov/youth- preparedness-council .
You can always share your thoughts through
Facebook
or
Twitter . Through these
quick-read updates, I hope to keep you informed of my work at home and in
Washington, D.C. on issues of interest to our communities, as well as
provide an opportunity for you to keep me informed of your views and
interests.
As always, I welcome hearing from you on these and any
other issues, and hope that you will
stay in
touch .
Sincerely,
Congressman Adam Schiff
The President on Friday
unveiled in a speech his proposed changes to a number of intelligence
programs run by the National Security Agency (NSA). In the wake of the
Snowden disclosures, a range of proposals have been advanced to reform
the FISA Court
which oversees many surveillance efforts and which
operates in almost total secrecy
and to modify the NSA program which
collects domestic phone data so it no longer requires the mass
collection of phone records for tens of millions of Americans.
I put forward
a proposal to end the bulk collection of Americans telephone records
by restructuring the program so that the government would obtain only
the records it needs that may be connected to terrorists.
This would
be more respectful of the privacy interests of the American people
while allowing the government to seek the data it needs to protect the
country
but only by making a specific request to a judge when a number
is connected to a terrorist plot. Do you think that the NSA should be reformed by ending
the bulk collection of phone metadata? Yes. No. Other: *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter If you
are having trouble, click here. Survey Results Do you think Congress
should extend emergency unemployment benefits? Answer Total Yes. Although the economy is
improving and the unemployment rate is coming down, there are still millions
who are actively seeking employment and who rely on these benefits.
29.40% Yes. Taking these benefits
away not only hurts these individuals, but weakens the economy by
preventing them from buying food, paying their bills and making other
necessary expenditures.
44.87% No.
Continuing to provide emergency unemployment program assistance benefits
will only encourage these individuals to stay
unemployed. 16.30% No.
Helpful or not, we simply cannot
afford them.
9.43%
Contact Information
Washington,
DC
2411 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4176
Facsimile: (202) 225-5828
Burbank
Office
245 E. Olive Ave., #200
Burbank, California
91502
Phone: (818) 450-2900
Phone: (323)
315-5555
Facsimile: (818) 450-2928
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
