
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media
Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
January 19, 2014
Capitol Corner:
Foreign Policy Lacks Presidential
Leadership
Over the last century, the United States has established itself as a
world leader. We have served as an example to emerging democracies
across the globe, hoping that all people have the same right to freedom and
liberty as we do. However in the current administration, our nations
credibility has fallen short of its expectations in foreign
policy.
While the president prefers to focus
on big government and imposing more unwanted regulations on businesses
and families, he and Vice President Joe Biden have neglected our
responsibilities abroad.
President Obamas
decisions to wind down the Iraqi war by his designed deadline are
reminiscent of the Obamacare rollout
messy and rushed
however this
scenario was potentially dangerous to our troops. Not only do we worry
about the men and women on the ground, but it was a risk to the
stability of the region to which the military and intelligence agencies had
been working towards for years. True leadership is not marked by how
quickly they got out of a situation, but on the success of its
execution.
I am confident that our failed
domestic policies will be made right when this administration is replaced
by one led by a new president who understands the needs of the nation.
Our country has shown it can bounce back from domestic policy
pitfalls time and again, and I have faith that this time is no different. But
as I have said before, our foreign policy is an entirely different
matter. The fallout from failed foreign policies has long lasting
effects and requires great nuance and diplomatic skill to overcome. However
this administration has shown its incompetence in the international
arena, beginning with the presidents apology tour, and continuing, to
this day, with failed foreign policies and shortsighted initiatives. I
am truly worried it will take years of new leadership to undo the
damage this president has done to our international reputation and world
standing, and while we are rebuilding that reputation we will have to
reap the consequences this administration has
sown.
When it comes to our nations foreign policy and
upholding our international legacy, we dont need any more flowery speeches
-- we need leadership. Strong and thoughtful leadership is what has
made our nation unique in the past and is what will protect our future
for the next generation.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
House Intelligence Committee Approves Measure for
Classification Review of Benghazi
Transcripts
The House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence
(HPSCI) this week approved a measure seeking the declassification of
transcripts of interviews in its ongoing Benghazi investigation. As
HPSCI Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee Chairman, I am leading
the committees Benghazi investigation. During the second half of last
year, my subcommittee interviewed many of the CIA security officers who
were engaged in the fight during the attacks in Benghazi on September
11, 2012. Transcripts of those interviews are currently
classified.
The meetings the committee has held
over the last several months have exposed some extremely significant,
and sometimes shocking facts about what exactly happened on the ground
in Benghazi that fateful night. But having myself or Chairman Rogers
tell the American people about those meetings will not have nearly the
same impact as them being able to read first-hand exactly what these
eyewitnesses had to say. If the transcripts from this investigation are
able to be declassified, it would be one of the first times the
American people have heard what happened directly from people on the ground
that night
in their own words. I think this could be a significant
step to advance the publics understanding of this attack....
More .
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
VIDEO:
Westmoreland Joins Fox News' "Fox &amp; Friends" to Give a Benghazi
Update
Last Friday, Congressman Westmoreland
spoke with Fox &amp; Friends to give an update of the ongoing
investigation into the 2012 Benghazi attacks.
CLICK HERE
to watch the full
interview, or please visit my
YouTube page .
The Hill: Feinstein
rejects NYT on Benghazi
The chairwoman of the
Senate Intelligence Committee said that key conclusions of a recent New
York Times investigation into the 2012 Benghazi attack are
wrong...
AJC: Spending
bill could kick-start Savannah Port construction
A
$1.1 trillion spending package hurtling through Congress gives an
important boost to the Port of Savannah expansion project, likely speeding
up its long-awaited groundbreaking...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC
20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770)
683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
