
The Rigell Report: Successful Snow Response; The President's Playbook; The World's Strongest Carrier Fleet
Dear Friend,
***My sincere thanks to all state and local officials for their thorough preparedness and response to last weeks snow storm.
We also appreciate the utility and road crews, police, and firefighters who helped get people home early and kept everyone safe.
It is not a coincidence that our region fared so well in this rare winter storm; it is the result of rigorous planning and coordination.***
President Obama: Going it Alone?
Congressman Rigell released the following statement after last weeks State of the Union Address by President Obama:
In his State of the Union address, the President made clear that he will continue to issue executive orders whenever he finds that Congress does not agree with him. By advancing his agenda with an end-run around Congress, the President weakens the structure framed by our Constitution, and that which is so essential to good governance. Americans voted in favor of a government that operates within a system of checks and balances, and the President does not have the authority to work around the law.
Finding common ground is difficult, yet it is imperative that we do so if we are to make real progress on our nations top priorities, starting with creating more jobs and building a stronger economy.
I join a number of Members of Congress representing both parties and both chambers who are ready to pass legislation that reflects common ground and puts America first. To pass common ground legislation, the President and Congress must first believe it can be found. I, for one, do.
***
Congresswoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers delivered the Republican response to the Presidents State of the Union Address.
She presented a compelling case for improving the lives of Americans through conservative policies.
Watch her remarks
here .
Maintaining the Worlds Best Carrier Fleet
Last week Congressman Rigell reiterated his strong support for a naval fleet of no fewer than 11 nuclear aircraft carriers.
In a bipartisan letter to Defense Secretary Hagel, Rigell and 10 other Members of Congress wrote: With the United States entering an era where our sea-services are likely to be called on to provide more presence, deterrence, and engagement throughout the Indo-Pacific littoral and across the globe, we believe now is the time to reinvest in our fleet, not look for ways to reduce its size and accept greater risk.
Read the letter
here .
Helpful Resources
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
Find out what happened on the House floor today
Find out what's coming up in the House of Representatives
Learn about the legislative process
Just released; 2014 House Legislative Calendar (113th Congress, Second Session)
What House Republicans Are Doing to Provide Government Oversight
Your Congressman in the News
Public Radio:
Rigell Discusses the Federal Budgets Impact on Virginia
Washington Post:
The Promise of Transpartisanship
Public Radio:
Rigell Sees Growing Willingness to Change Health Care Law
Local Highlights
You Should Go!
The Moses Myers House, Norfolk
The Moses Myers House in downtown Norfolk is the oldest Jewish home in America curated as a museum. The Moses Myers House was one of the first brick homes built in Norfolk after the Revolutionary War, during which most of the town was leveled by British bombardment and subsequent fire. Information on how to visit is available
here .
Quote Worthy:
Whether we are born with an extra 21st chromosome or without a dollar to our name, we are not defined by our limits, but by our potential. Congresswoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers in the GOP Response to the 2014 State of the Union.
Read more
here .
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here