
Having trouble seeing this e-mail?
Click here to read it on my blog.
Dear Friend,
This week, I'm proud to announce
my fight for a significant source of funding for rural New Mexico counties was successful. PILT &mdash; or Payment in Lieu of Taxes &mdash; is vital for
counties across the West, but funding for the program was left out of a major budget bill earlier this year.
I've been working with a bipartisan group of Western senators to reinstate PILT, and this week, we had a big victory by getting the funding included in the Farm Bill. Our county governments in New Mexico needed this funding for their budgets, and it's a big relief for families with school children and all
residents who count on emergency services and road improvements.
Through PILT, the federal government compensates local governments for hosting nontaxable public land, such as land managed by the Bureau of Land Management or national parks and forests. It's a critical source of revenue for
almost every county in New Mexico, which use the funding to provide services like schools, roads and emergency protection.
Click here to read more about how PILT is helping communities across New Mexico.
New Mexico is proud to host many unique and valuable federal lands like
our military bases and national monuments - land that brings revenue to our state through tourism and resource development. But it is important for the federal government to be a good neighbor to the counties that host these lands.
Unfortunately,
the federal government has not made PILT
funding permanent - the program expired at the end of last year with no plan to reinstate it -
so I went to work with a bipartisan coalition of senators from across the West to find a practical solution.
We fought to add one year of PILT funding in the Farm Bill, so local governments won't see a gap in their budgets. The Farm Bill passed the U.S. House of Representatives this week, and I look forward to voting for the bill next week and sending it to the president to be signed into law very soon.
Click here to watch my video on securing important funding for New Mexico.
Our work on PILT isn't over. We still have to find a permanent source of funding. Recently, I won a commitment from the powerful Senate Appropriations Committee Chairwoman to work with me on finding reliable PILT funding for the future. She will be a strong ally as we work on this together. As she put it, this is an issue of fairness.
All New Mexicans deserve consistent services, and local governments need to be able to count on the funding for long-term planning.
As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I'm going to keep working to educate my colleagues about the program so we can build on the bipartisan progress we made this week.
Cheers,
Tom Udall
United States Senator
CONNECT WITH TOM
CONTACT TOM
UNSUBSCRIBE
tomudall.senate.gov
Photos of the Organ Mountains by Patrick Alexander from Las Cruces &amp; The Gila National Forest by Flickr Member JimyJOp.
