
January 26, 2014
Looking Towards
(the President's Take)
on the State of Our Union
This week, President Obama will attempt to salvage what's left of his presidency and downplay the damage his Administration's failed policies have done to hardworking taxpayers and all Americans. In the midst of a second term riddled in scandals, dismal jobs reports and loss of faith in government, this week should be interesting.
We'll see if the Obama Administration is offering more than the same old empty promises and blame-shifting this year.
President Obama will be delivering his 2014 State of the Union address Tuesday night to lay out his Administration's legislative agenda before Congress and the American public. In the address, he'll outline the initiatives that he believes will help improve the state of our union.
So what current issues impacting our country should the President focus on?
According to the latest George Washington University "Battleground Poll,"
85 percent
of voters think it's crucial for President Obama to talk about the economy,
83 percent
say jobs, and
73 percent
believe he needs to address the federal deficit.
What do YOU want to hear from the President Tuesday night?
To participate in my own (unscientific) survey on what you expect from his State of the Union, click
here .
While the numbers speak volumes about the issues concerning the majority of Americans, President Obama is expected to spend Tuesday night's address pushing for the use of executive action to get what he wants - or, in his own words, by using
"a pen and a phone."
At a time when 53 percent of Americans consider the Obama Administration "incompetent" when it comes to running the government... the Administration's solution is BIGGER government and MORE executive actions that circumvent the role of Congress, undermine our Constitution and stifle economic growth.
This is the current state of our union under the Obama Administration.
Given that December's jobs report was the worst in three years, the LAST solutions our country needs are ones that usurp the legislative process and enforce costly and burdensome mandates on America's job creators. Instead, we need to focus on solutions that will put people back to work, spur economic growth and give everyone a fair shot - like the dozens of jobs bills we've sent to the Senate (to name a few:
Skills Act, Innovation Act, Reins Act, Northern Route Approval Act, Small Business Capital Access and Job Preservation Act ) that all remain stuck on Harry Reids desk.
In order to improve the state of our union, Washington needs to get out of the way
whether at the doctors office, in the job market, or at the gas pump. We need less governmentNOT moreto get our country on the right track. Most importantly, we need less talk and more action to create more jobs and grow our economy. Even for a high-stakes address delivered once a year, words are just words.
My friend and House Republican Conference Chair Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R-WA) will deliver the Republican Address to the Nation following Tuesdays State of the Union address. It will be a conservative message
with broad appeal for all Americans
about how we believe a government that trusts the individual is the best way to help people find good-paying jobs, take home more of their paychecks, and build a thriving middle class. You can find out more about Cathy and stay up-to-date on the State of the Union by visiting
http://SOTU.gop.gov .
Tuesday night, I'll be in the House Chamber listening to the President. I doubt he will propose the solutions I feel we need, but I remain optimistic. We are a resilient nation. We can weather the Obama years and rekindle that fire on our hearts known as the American Dream.
Meet the Newest Intern in My Corpus Office: Eric Lindgren
Name:
Eric Lindgren
Hometown:
A rnold, MO &amp; Keller, TX
Favorite Movie:
"Rudy"
Favorite Book:
Silent Spring
by Rachel Carson
Favorite Sports Teams:
The Texas Rangers
Favorite Fast Food Restaurant:
Whataburger
Role Model:
Lance Armstrong
What you hope to gain from this internship:
I look forward to better understanding how environmental policies affect the Coastal Bend, and I'm also looking forward to networking and the opportunities this internship will bring.
Pick One: Sleep or Seize the Day!:
Seize the Day!
*I'm also proud to share with you that Eric is a young cancer survivor. To learn more about his inspiring story, click
here
to read KIII-TV's November feature on Eric's journey to recovery.
Touring Eddy Meat Packing Plant in Yoakum
Over the weekend, I had the chance to tour Eddy Packing Company, a meat processing plant located in Yoakum. I'm pictured here with Francisco Montejano, who serves as Vice President of Human Resources at Eddy Packing.
During my tour, I got a first-hand look at some of the meat products processed at the local plant.
My visit also gave me the opportunity to get to know the employees there and learn more about the work they do.
I'm pictured here with the proud employees of Eddy Packing. Thanks for the hospitality and for taking the time to show me around the plant.
Visiting Yoakum's Saddle Tree Business
While in town, I also toured Yoakum's saddle tree factory: Precision Saddle Tree. As you probably remember, the local business suffered a tremendous loss when its factory was destroyed by a fire in October. Yoakum's saddle tree manufacturer has make remarkable progress in its efforts to get back up and running again, and I witnessed this first-hand during my visit this weekend.
Many thanks to Thomas Stevenson, Precision Saddle Trees General Manager (who Im pictured with above) for providing me with a tour of the facility and factory equipment.
Honoring Lockhart Chamber Award Recipients
Im pictured here at the Lockhart Chamber of Commerce Banquet with Chamber President Becki Womble and Angela Rawlinson, also with the Lockhart Chamber.
Saturday night, I attended the Lockhart Chamber of Commerce Banquet in San Marcos. I had the honor of presenting certificates to Seton Family Hospital ("Lockhart Business of the Year"), Judge Todd Blomerth ("Most Worthy Citizen"), and Ronald Hohertz ("Agribusiness of the Year").
I recognized Wayne Reeder, winner of the "Most Ribbon Cuttings" award, along with the following "Spirit Award" recipients: Tom Alexander,
Donita Haden, Jo Anna Ivey and Martin Ritchey.
Connect
Latest News
What to Expect from the State of the Union
"Behind the Curtain with Jack Burkman" on Radio America
(I was the first guest on his
January 25th podcast , and my interview begins about 3 minutes into the episode.)
House passes U.S. Congressman Blake Farentholds OPM IG Act
Nueces County Record Star
Congress approves bill to help strengthen government background checks
Government Security News
Security-check oversight measure clears House
FCW
The Week Ahead
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing:
A Roadmap For Hackers?
Documents Detailing HealthCare.gov Security Vulnerabilities
Tuesday, January 28
10:00 a.m. ET
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee Hearing:
Improving the Effectiveness of the Federal Surface Transportation Safety Grant Programs
Tuesday, January 28
10:00 a.m. ET
2167 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Subcommittee Hearing:
The Scope of Fair Use
Tuesday, January 28
2:00 p.m. ET
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
President Obama's 2014
"State of the Union" Address
Tuesday, January 28
8:00 p.m. CT/9:00 p.m. ET
We should be voting on...
H.R. 2166
- Good Samaritan Search and Recovery Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Joe Heck / Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 1684
- Ranch A Consolidation Management Improvement Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Cynthia Lummis / Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 3008
- To provide for the conveyance of a small parcel of National Forest System land in Los Padres National Forest in California, and for other purposes
(Sponsored by Rep. Lois Capps / Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 7
- No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Chris Smith / Ways and Means Committee / Judiciary Committee / Energy and Commerce Committee)
Possible Consideration of the Conference Report to
H.R. 2642
- Federal Agriculture Reform and Risk Management Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. Frank Lucas / Agriculture Committee)
Around the 27th District
(As always, click on image to enlarge)
I spent my Constituent Work Week traveling from one end of our district to the other to meet with local elected officials and the people I work for . For me to be an effective Representative, I need to hear what's on the minds of the people who elected me. To that end, Lavaca County Judge Tramer Woytek brought together a group of community leaders to meet with me to discuss the issues most important to them, their families and their business.
Im pictured here with Ariel Jimenez, Bay City ISD Student of the Year, after she was officially recognized at the Bay City Chamber of Commerce &amp; Agriculture Banquet. Ariel is a bright young girl with an incredible story, and Im confident she will continue to excel in her future endeavors.
On Friday, my Chief of Staff Bob Haueter met with Port officials and toured the Port and its facilities in Point Comfort.
Photos my Field Representative Luis Buentello took at the Rockport Chamber of Commerce "Business After Hours" event at K-Bobs. This week's event featured a caravan of Houston Astros players who signed autographs for the people gathered, including J.R. Richards, Mark Krauss, Chris Carter, and Hall of Fame Broadcaster Milo Hamilton.
Also this week, Luis attended the Aransas Pass Chamber of Commerce's 77th Annual Banquet &amp; Awards Dinner to present certificates on my behalf to the outgoing board members.
My Field Representative Carol Wootton visited with winter Texans from as far away as Alaska at the Palacios Chamber of Commerce Winter Texans Chili Supper Appreciation event. The Shiner Hobo Band provided the music, with guest performer and Palacios City Manager David Kocurek playing trombone.
At the supper event, Carol and elected officials like County Judge Nate McDonald enjoyed a bowl of chili with around 250 winter Texans choosing to live in the town of Palacios for the winter.
Carol also joined my Veterans Field Representative Captain Rene Coronado at this weeks Coffee with the Captain meetings in Wharton (pictured above) and Bay City (pictured below). Mondays Coffee was our second monthly Veterans Group meeting in Wharton and our first in Bay City.
Rene attended on my behalf the American GI Forum's 2014 Veterans Scholarship Award Ceremony at the new Harold T. Branch Academy in Corpus Christi. During the ceremony, the GI Forum awarded four $1000 scholarships to Hispanic service members within our community, as well as 30 tablets to local high school students.
Pictured here at the 2014 Veterans Scholarship Award Ceremony (from left to right): Colonel Avila (Commander TAMUCC ROTC), National Commander Luis A. Vazquez-Contes (AGIF), and Captain Rene Coronado (AGIF Lifetime Member and Veterans Field Representative in my office.)
From My Instagram
Backstage: Sheila Jackson Lee preparing for her remarks at AIPAC Houston event
Backstage at AIPAC brunch in Houston with my colleagues Pete Olson and Ted Poe
Loving the Lockhart Chamber dinner... kickin' it up with live music
Icicles in Corpus Christi. Buuuurrrrr
Beautiful afternoon in Austin, TX
I don't know what to say other than, "duh!"
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here