
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Resources Dedicated to Great Lakes During Deep Freeze
WASHINGTON
&#8211; Today, U.S. Representative
Candice Miller (MI-10), Chairman of the House Homeland Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, issued the following statement after a Subcommittee hearing with the Commandant of the U.S.Coast Guard (USCG), Admiral Robert J. Papp, where she discussed
current and future resources dedicated to the Great Lakes region:
&#8220;For over two centuries the U.S. Coast Guard has played an indispensable role in securing our long liquid borders, providing
search and rescue services for those who travel our waterways and keeping vital shipping lanes clear of ice so that commerce can flow across the our nation. We who live along the Great Lakes understand the importance of each of these missions very well, and
particularly during this historically cold winter the mission of keeping shipping lanes open and protecting against harmful ice jams on our lakes and rivers is of utmost importance.
&#8220;I was very pleased that the Commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard, Admiral Robert Papp, testified today before my subcommittee
about the ability of the Coast Guard to meet its important missions. I was glad that I had the opportunity to question the Admiral about the fleet on the Great Lakes, their position, age and maintenance in light of this brutally cold winter and about their
plan to meet the many challenges brought about by the frigid temperatures. I am confident that the Coast Guard has the right equipment and plans in place to address the ice jams that are sure to come during this winter and the spring thaw. This is of particular
importance along the St. Clair River and Lake St. Clair which traditionally freeze over in normal years and will face even greater challenges during this frigid winter.
&#8220;Currently, the Coast Guard has nine icebreakers dedicated to the Great Lakes, and next week I will accompany our Coast Guardsmen
on one of their regularly scheduled missions breaking ice on the Great Lakes in order to see firsthand the conditions and challenges they are facing to keep our waterways open and what service I may provide in Congress to help them meet their important mission.
&#8220;As a life-time resident of the Great Lakes region and long-time recreational boater, I have a deep affinity and appreciation
for the U.S. Coast Guard. I often say that if it is cold, wet and impossible, you send the Coast Guard, which is why I am dedicated to working with them to ensure that they have the resources necessary to protect our waterways back home and across the nation.&#8221;
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
