 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR
DISTRICT
RESOURCES
January 20, 2014
Celebrating Martin Luther King, Jr. in KCK
I was honored
to attend and speak at the Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Celebration in
downtown Kansas City, Kansas earlier today. It was a beautiful ceremony
put on by the KCK Holiday Celebration Committee, and many community
members, including KCK Mayor and CEO of Unified Government Mark Holland
and U.S. Attorney Barry Grissom, attended to honor the legacy of Dr.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
"I
still believe in the American dream. I still believe in Dr. King's dream.
I still believe that we are a nation whose driving forces must
include the premise that no matter where you are from, no matter what your
economic or racial background, everyone in the United States of America
will have the education and opportunity necessary to use their god
given skills to realize their dreams, put food on the table, and raise
their children and their children's children in a nation where freedom
and opportunity
abound.
"Dr. King once stated Darkness
cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive
out hate; only love can do
that.
"So we come
together today, led by Dr. King's love and compassion, his hope for the
future. We must help carry his legacy forward. We are the stewards of his
dreams."
MLK
National Day of Service Project
Dr. King not
only spoke what he believed, but lived his words through actions. It was
a privilege to participate in the Martin Luther King Jr Day of
Service today. I joined many volunteers to help prepare meals for the
homeless at the Wilhelmina Gill Multi-Service Center in KCK. The Willa Gill
Center serves an average of 400 homeless persons lunch per
day.
Alongside some fantastic volunteers
from Cure' of Ars Catholic Church we prepared a hot lunch
today.
Thank you to Ondra Penn and
Pamela Smart from Mt. Carmel for the kind invitation to participate and
special thanks to all the volunteers who work regularly to serve meals
here.
Leawood Town Hall Forum
Tomorrow, Tuesday,
January 21st , I will hold a Town Hall Forum in Leawood. I
hope you can attend as I will give an update about current
legislation before Congress, as well as answer your questions about the issues
most important to you.
Congressman Yoder speaks to a crowd at a previous town hall forum in
Leawood.
What:
Leawood Town Hall Forward
When:
Tuesday, January 21st
1:30-2:30 p.m.
Where:
Leawood City Hall - Community Center
Lower Level - Oak Room
4800 Town Center Drive,
Leawood
Meeting with Veterans Advisory Committee
I
appreciated hearing from my Military and Veterans Advisory Committee
last week at the Isadore Hoehn VFW Post 7397 in Lenexa. I value the
feedback from these opportunities which included meeting with veterans from
WWII through the Iraq and Afghanistan wars.
Army Srgt. Zeke Crozier
attended and
spoke to us about his remarkable recovery and we honored him for his
recent Purple Heart recognition. We also discussed important topics like
the backlogs at the VA, the GI bill and continuing to ensure those who
have served and sacrificed for our country receive the benefits they
have earned.
Im currently cosponsoring legislation written to
ensure retired military veterans are able to receive the full benefits
they have earned through their service. This includes
H.R. 3790 , a bill that
would completely repeal the COLA change made by the Ryan-Murray budget.
The bill states: "To repeal the annual adjustment of retired pay and
retainer pay amounts for retired members of the Armed Forces under age
62.
Thank you to the
members of my Veterans Advisory Committee for your continued advice and
counsel as I advocate for veterans in Washington,
DC.
Passing Appropriations with Targeted Spending
Reductions
Last week, on a bipartisan vote of
359-67 ,
the House passed its 2014 appropriations bill, marking the fourth
straight year in which the federal government has reduced discretionary
spending, the first this has happened since just after the Korean War. I
voted for the bill, and it reflects a move in the right direction, as
the appropriated amounts are $164 billion lower than final
discretionary budget of the Bush
administration.
The funding bill enacts a number of provisions that were
important to Kansans; including restoring full cost of living benefits
to our disabled military retirees, restricting all foreign aid to Libya
until it takes responsibility for bringing the perpetrators of
Benghazi murders to justice, and prohibits the IRS from targeting Americans
based upon their political or religious affiliation. Additionally, the
appropriations bill includes $404 million for the construction of the
National Bio and Agro Defense Facility (NBAF) in
Manhattan.
We still have a lot of work to do to rein
in federal spending, reform entitlement programs and flatten out the
tax code. But passing the appropriations bill is an important first
step and we must renew our efforts to balance the federal budget and
bring government spending further under control.
Working to Grow the Economy
The New Year is an opportunity
for Congress to get back to work for the American people, and that
means supporting good-paying jobs and a growing economy. I spoke on the
House floor last week to encourage my colleagues on both sides of the
aisle to do just that.
Click here , or on the image above, to watch my full
floor remarks.
Ensuring Increased Transparency with Affordable
Care Act
Last week, the House passed important legislation
to improve transparency within the Affordable Care Act and increase
accountability with the federal government by passing the
H.R. 3362
-
the
Exchange Information Disclosure Act . This legislation requires the
Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) to submit to Congress,
and to make available to state governors, state insurance
commissioners, and the public, weekly reports that describe the consumer
interactions with healthcare.gov or any subsequent website established by the
federal government for enrollment in a qualified health plan or receipt
of premium tax credit.
This is
common sense legislation to bring increased transparency to the
Affordable Care Act. I voted " Yes " on this bill and it passed
259-154.
Offering Solutions to Health Care
Problems
Our country faces a physician shortage. In fact, by
2020, we will need 91,500 new doctors, and by 2025, we will need
130,600 doctors, according to the American Association of Medical Colleges.
However, we cannot increase the overall supply of physicians unless
Congress lifts the cap on residency training slots, which was put in
place in 1997.
Right now, 16
percent of doctors are age 65 or older, and AAMC data show one in three
practicing physicians expects to retire in the next 15 years. Plus, the
Affordable Care Act means more Americans will now seek access to
physicians, placing greater demands on the current
workforce.
Thats why Ive cosponsored
H.R. 1201
the Training Tomorrows Doctors
Today Act . This bill takes two important steps to address
this shortage. First, it increases the number of Graduate Medical
Education (GME) slots by 15,000 over the next 5 years. And second, it boosts
accuracy and transparency in the GME program in order to improve the
quality of physician training in the country.
46th Year of KCK
Congressional Forum
I kicked off the
Kansas City Kansas Chamber of
Commerce's
46th year of Congressional Forum on Friday in downtown KCK by
providing an update on my latest work in Congress. We talked about the
budget, growing the economy and the many important issues Congress must
address in the session ahead.
Thank you to the group for their questions and
input.
Eagle Scout Court of Honor
It was an honor to
speak at an Eagle Scout Court of Honor in Prairie Village yesterday.
These Eagle Scouts have worked for years and put in many hours of
community service, studied citizenship and community involvement, as well as
learned many useful skills, and it was my privilege to congratulate
them on such an accomplishment.
Congratulations to each of these young men for earning their Eagle Scout
Award.
Martin
Luther King, Jr. Day
Today, always the third Monday of
every January, we celebrate the life and work of
Dr. Martin
Luther King, Jr.
Dr. King cared deeply about equality for all men
and women, and worked tirelessly in the service of
others.
"Now, I
say to you today my friends, even though we face the difficulties of
today and tomorrow, I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in
the American dream. I have a dream that one day this nation will rise
up and live out the true meaning of its creed: - 'We hold these truths
to be self-evident, that all men are created equal.'" - Dr. Martin
Luther King, Jr.
Washington March for
Life Reception
I would like to invite those of you
traveling to Washington, D.C. for the 2014 March for Life to stop by my
office for an open house reception. Refreshments will be provided, and my
staff is ready to assist with any questions or concerns you may
have.
Office of Congressman Kevin Yoder
March for Life Open House
When:
2:00PM
4:00PM ET
Wednesday, January 22
Where:
Congressman Yoders D.C.
Office
215 Cannon House Office
Building
Washington, D.C.,
20515
Upcoming Staff Community Office Hours
My
staff can assist you from 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday
in my Overland Park office. They can help with any issues or concerns,
as well as to provide assistance with federal agencies and programs
including, Veterans' Affairs, Medicare, Social Security, Passports, and
Visas.
My staff also holds
Community Staff Office Hours throughout the district. If you are unable to
visit my office, please consider coming to the following location if
it is more convenient for
you:
Tuesday, January 28th
DeSoto Fire
Station
in the Public Meeting Space
33150 W.
83rd Street
DeSoto
4:00-5:00
p.m.
Wednesday, February
26th
Cedar Roe Library
5120 Cedar
Street
Roeland Park
12:00-1:00
p.m.
Votes From Last Week
Click on the specific
bill number
or the
vote count
for more
information.
Final Passage of H.R. 3362
Amending
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to require transparency
in the operation of American Health Benefit Exchanges. I voted
" Yes " on this bill and it passed by a vote of
259154 .
H.R.
3547
- Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2014. I voted
" Yes " on this bill and it was adopted by a voted of
35967 .
H.R.
1513
Revising the boundaries of the Gettysburg National
Military Park to include the Gettysburg Train Station and certain
land along Plum Run in Cumberland Township, to limit the means by which
property within such revised boundaries may be acquired. I voted
" Yes " on this bill, and it passed
3960 .
S.
230
Authorizing the Peace Corps Commemorative Foundation to establish
a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs. I
voted " Yes " on this bill and it passed by a vote of
3877 .
H.R. 2274
Amending the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 to provide for a notice-filing registration procedure for brokers
performing services in connection with the transfer of ownership of
smaller privately held companies and to provide for regulation
appropriate to the limited scope of the activities of such brokers. I voted
" Yes " on this bill and it passed
4220 .
H.R.
801
Amending the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to make the
shareholder threshold for registration of savings and loan holding
companies the same as for bank holding companies. I voted
" Yes " on this bill and it passed
4174 .
H.R. 2860
Amending title 5, United States Code, to provide that the Inspector General
of the Office of Personnel Management may use amounts in the revolving
fund of the Office to fund audits, investigations, and oversight
activities. I voted " Yes " on this bill and it passed
4180 .
H.R. 1233
Amending chapter 22 of title 44, United
States Code, popularly known as the Presidential Records Act, to
establish procedures for the consideration of claims of constitutionally based
privilege against disclosure of Presidential records. I voted
" Yes " on this bill and it passed
4200 .
New Bill
Cosponsorships
Last week, I became a cosponsor of the
following legislation. Click the specific
bill number
to
read more information.
H.R.3408
-
Injured
and Amputee Veterans Bill of Rights , directing the Secretary
of Veterans Affairs to educate certain staff of the Department of
Veterans Affairs and to inform veterans about the Injured and Amputee
Veterans Bill of Rights.
H.R.940
-
Health
Care Conscience Rights Act , amending the Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act to protect rights of conscience with regard to
requirements for coverage of specific items and services, and amending
the Public Health Service Act to prohibit certain abortion-related
discrimination in governmental
activities.
H.R.1201
-
Training Tomorrow's Doctors Today Act , amending
title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of
additional residency
positions,
H.R.1750
-
CLEAR Relief Act of 2013 , enhancing the ability of
community financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their
communities, boost small businesses, and increase individual
savings
H.R.3708
-
General Aviation Pilot
Protection Act of 2013 , directing the Administrator of the Federal
Aviation Administration to issue or revise regulations with respect to
the medical certification of certain small aircraft
pilots.
H.R.3279
-
Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act of
2013 , amending section 1303(b)(3) of Public Law 111-148
concerning the notice requirements regarding the extent of health plan
coverage of abortion and abortion premium surcharges.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington,
DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th
St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913)
621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
