
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
Home
Services
About
District
Issues
Newsroom
Contact
February 28, 2014
IRS Targeting
of Conservative Groups
Over the past year, my colleagues and
I on the Ways and Means Committee have investigated the well-known
targeting of conservative groups seeking 501(c)4 nonprofit status by the
IRS.
As a result of the Committees hearings, investigative
efforts by the Treasury Inspector General, and admissions from the agency
itself, we now know that the IRS was unfairly singling out
conservative groups by delaying their applications, asking inappropriate
questions about their activities, and leaking confidential information.
At least one of the groups that was targeted was located in Indiana,
and I submitted materials from that group as part of the Ways and Means
investigation.
Click here to read last years
IRS Targeting eNewsletter where we focused on this issue
in-depth.
Continued Targeting by the
IRS?
To
receive or maintain 501(c)4 tax exempt status an organization must
devote a majority of their work towards social-welfare, but is also
allowed to engage in political activities so long as that is not its
only purpose.
Many of the conservative-leaning issue advocacy
groups that were targeted operate primarily to educate Americans on
constitutional issues, therefore qualifying them for tax exempt
status.
The IRS seemingly agrees, which is why they have begun to certify
this status for such groups.
But instead of just taking the steps to
ensure that no group is targeted in a similar manner again, in November
2013 the IRS proposed new regulations that would re-categorize certain
activities by these organizations as "political, which would
prohibit them from conducting their normal activities in election
years.
Under these new rules, activities such as candidate forums, get out
the vote efforts, and voter registration would now be considered
political activity for 501(c)4 groupseven though they wouldnt count as
political activity for 501(c)3, 501(c)5, or 501(c)6
organizations.
In other words, they are making their efforts to shut down these
groups part of the IRS standard operating procedure.
These new
rules are being pushed through before the investigation into the IRSs
original targeting can even be finished!
STOP IRS
Act
This week, in response to the IRSs new regulations proposal, the
House passed
H.R. 3865, Stop Targeting of Political
Beliefs by the IRS Act (STOP IRS Act) , which would delay the
implementation of these regulations for one year.
By holding up these new
501(c)4 regulations, we would be able to finish our investigation
with the assurance that targeting of groups based on political ideology
was not continuing.
The IRS received a record number of public comments on this
legislationover 100,000 and countingand Committee work
continues.
But there are still many questions that remain unanswered.
The STOP Act will give us the time we need to complete our intensive
investigative process. Chairman Dave Camp has made it clear that the Ways
and Means Committee will fight any and all efforts to restrict the
rights of groups to organize, speak out and educate the public. I am
proud to join him in these efforts, and I applaud him for his
leadership on this legislation.
As always, if you have any comments or
questions regarding this issue, please do not hesitate to contact me at
any of our office locations.
Yours in
Service,
Todd
Do you believe the new 501(c)4 regulations should
be delayed at least until after IRS targeting investigations have
concluded? Yes No Unsure/Other *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send
me e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
DISTRICT
OFFICES
Jeffersonville Office
279 Quartermaster
Court
Jeffersonville, IN 47130
Phone: (812)
288-3999
Fax: (812) 288-3873
Bloomington Office
320 W. 8th
Street, Suite 114
Bloomington, IN 47404
Phone: (812)
336-3000
Fax: (812) 336-3355
Greenwood Office
2 N
Madison Avenue
Greenwood, IN 46142
Phone: (317) 661-0696
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
