
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
February 28, 2014
Dear Friends,
Last week, while the Senate was not in session, I had the honor of
visiting a number of local businesses and manufacturers in Georgia. I
met with their management teams, spoke to employees and heard time and
again about the unnecessary and burdensome regulations coming out of
Washington.
At many of these businesses and at a town hall meeting I held in
Savannah, Ga., I heard more about the negative effects of Obamacare on
individuals as well as how companies are having to reduce the number of
employees or move full-time workers to part-time status. As you know, I
have voted to dismantle, repeal or overhaul Obamacare more than 60
times. I have actively sought support from my colleagues as I have
worked toward fundamental tax reform and overhauling the burdensome
corporate tax code, ridding ourselves of the terrible Dodd-Frank
legislation, and long-term entitlement reform as a path toward a
brighter economic future, without jeopardizing our national security or
commitments to our military troops or veterans.
Today, I held a town hall meeting in Valdosta, Ga., and was joined by
Sen. Saxby Chambliss. We appreciate all those who came out to share
their concerns with us.
To ensure that you never miss an opportunity to attend a town hall
meeting in person or via telephone, please complete this form
and visit
the town hall page of my website
. On
this page, you can also find times and locations of "open office days"
held around the state. Open office days allow you to meet individually
with members of my staff about any issues concerning the federal
government, federal legislation or federal agencies, such as Veterans
Affairs, the IRS, Medicare, or the Bureau of Citizenship and
Immigration Services. These open office days help ensure that the
views, concerns and local efforts of all Georgians are reflected in the
operation of my office.
Medicare Advantage
On Friday, Feb. 21, 2013, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services announced its plan to further cut the Medicare Advantage
program, likely leading to higher premiums, loss of benefits and fewer
choices for seniors enrolled in these popular plans.
To fund new entitlement spending, the Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act, better known as Obamacare, cut $716 billion out of the
Medicare program, with $308 billion from Medicare Advantage. In 2009, I
voted to strike the Medicare Advantage cuts that were proposed in the
legislation that created Obamacare.
Medicare Advantage allows seniors to choose the health care that best
meets their personal needs, and Medicare Advantage plans have been at
the forefront of driving innovation in care coordination and quality
improvements. The administration's plan to make severe cuts to Medicare
Advantage confirms what I and other Senate Republicans have long
warned: Obamacare will be devastating to our seniors.
It seems that every week we have yet another example of why this
terrible law needs to be repealed and replaced. It is simply wrong and
unfair to continue to allow Obamacare to inflict pain on more and more
Americans. Every single American should be exempted from this
monstrosity.
Anticipating this news, the week of Feb. 10, 2014, I signed a
bipartisan letter with 39 other U.S. senators to CMS Administrator
Marilyn Tavener urging the administration to ?minimize the impact of
Medicare Advantage cuts and make only policy changes that "ensure
continued access and high quality care for America's seniors, persons
with disabilities and other beneficiaries."
Tax Reform
On Wednesday, U.S. House of Representatives Ways and Means Committee
Chairman Dave Camp, R-Mich., unveiled his tax reform proposal. He
deserves credit for working hard on this issue, and I hope that this
plan will aid in a frank discussion of this crucial issue for American
families.
Reforming and updating our tax code should entail a serious review of
the merits of each and every tax code provision, including a cost
benefit analysis. I am mindful that the impact of tax reform should not
result in a net tax increase on the job creators and workers in our
great country. Equally important is that reform should avoid
retroactive tax increases as it is simply unfair to taxpayers who made
decisions based on the tax rules at the time only to have the rules
changed in the middle of the game.
As a member of the Senate Finance Committee, which is responsible for
writing our nation's tax laws, I welcome your suggestions on how to
simplify, make fairer and lower the current tax burden borne by
taxpayers. Together, we can make a difference to craft a tax code for
the 21st century.
Iran Sanctions
On Thursday, I spoke on the floor of the Senate
to support Sen. Richard Burr's, R-N.C.,
legislation that that pays for a bill to expand veterans' health care
and education benefits and job-assistance programs. Burr's legislation
also includes additional savings in the Department of Veterans Affairs
and includes sanctions against Iran if Iran violates the interim
agreement or any final agreement regarding its nuclear program.
It is critical and important that the Senate of the United States sends
a clear message to the Iranians that we will not be lied to, we will
not be misled and we will expect them to honor their commitments. If
they don't, there will be consequences for their actions. I want us to
let Iran and all of the Middle East know that we will not stand for a
nuclear weapon in Iran.
In particular, three things are important to note in Burr's
legislation: First, it reimposes existing sanctions suspended under the
interim agreement if Iran cheats on its commitment, slows negotiations
or threatens the west with long-range missiles or terrorism; second, it
ensures that the final agreement must require Iran dismantle its
infrastructure to prevent Iran from being able to produce a nuclear
weapon; and third, it threatens to impose additional economic sanctions
in the future should Iran fail to agree to a final deal that dismantles
its nuclear infrastructure or fails in its commitment to such an
agreement.
In Other News
On Monday, I had the opportunity to visit and speak to the members of
the Georgia
Legislature, where I served for 17 years.
My staff and I work hard to ensure that we nominate the best and
brightest of Georgia's students to our nation's military service
academies. To that end, I hold a Military Academy Day with members of
Georgia's Congressional Delegation once a year in Marietta, Ga.
Students in grades eight through 12 have the opportunity to hear
directly from representatives from each service academy. Additionally
this week, members of my staff visited a number of schools in South
Georgia to share information on the academy application process with
students there.
Please be on the lookout for more information from me in the coming
months about our Academy Day event this spring, and visit the service
academy page of my website
for
additional information on this process.
What's on Tap?
On Monday, the Senate will consider the nomination of Debo P. Adegbile
to be assistant attorney general for the Justice Department's Civil
Rights Division, along with several additional judicial nominations. It
is likely we will then proceed to S.1086, legislation to the Child Care
Development Block Grant program.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
February 28, 2014
Dear Friends,
Last week, while the Senate was not in
session, I had the honor of visiting a number of local businesses and manufacturers in Georgia. I met
with their management teams, spoke to employees and heard time and again about the unnecessary and burdensome
regulations coming out of Washington.
At many of these businesses and at a
town hall meeting I held in Savannah, Ga., I heard more about the negative effects of Obamacare on individuals
as well as how companies are having to reduce the number of employees or move full-time workers to part-time
status. As you know, I have voted to dismantle, repeal or overhaul Obamacare more than 60 times. I have
actively sought support from my colleagues as I have worked toward fundamental tax reform and overhauling
the burdensome corporate tax code, ridding ourselves of the terrible Dodd-Frank legislation, and long-term
entitlement reform as a path toward a brighter economic future, without jeopardizing our national security
or commitments to our military troops or veterans.
Today, I held a town hall meeting in
Valdosta, Ga., and was joined by Sen. Saxby Chambliss. We appreciate all those who came out to share
their concerns with us.
To ensure that you never miss an opportunity
to attend a town hall meeting in person or via telephone,
please
complete this form
and
visit
the town hall page of my website .
On this page, you can also find times and locations of &#8220;open office days&#8221; held around the
state. Open office days allow you to meet individually with members of my staff about any issues concerning
the federal government, federal legislation or federal agencies, such as Veterans Affairs, the IRS, Medicare,
or the Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services. These open office days help ensure that the views,
concerns and local efforts of all Georgians are reflected in the operation of my office.
Medicare Advantage On
Friday, Feb. 21, 2013, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services announced its plan to further cut
the Medicare Advantage program, likely leading to higher premiums, loss of benefits and fewer choices
for seniors enrolled in these popular plans.
To fund new entitlement spending, the
Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act ,
better
known as Obamacare, cut $716 billion out of the Medicare program, with $308 billion from Medicare Advantage.
In 2009, I voted to strike the Medicare Advantage cuts that were proposed in the legislation that created
Obamacare.
Medicare Advantage allows seniors to
choose the health care that best meets their personal needs, and Medicare Advantage plans have been at
the forefront of driving innovation in care coordination and quality improvements. The administration&#8217;s
plan to make severe cuts to Medicare Advantage confirms what I and other Senate Republicans have long
warned: Obamacare will be devastating to our seniors.
It seems that every week we have yet
another example of why this terrible law needs to be repealed and replaced. It is simply wrong and unfair
to continue to allow Obamacare to inflict pain on more and more Americans. Every single American should
be exempted from this monstrosity.
Anticipating this news, the week of Feb.
10, 2014, I signed a bipartisan letter with 39 other U.S. senators to CMS Administrator Marilyn Tavener
urging the administration to &#8206;minimize the impact of Medicare Advantage cuts and make only policy
changes that &#8220;ensure continued access and high quality care for America&#8217;s seniors, persons
with disabilities and other beneficiaries.&#8221;
Tax Reform
On
Wednesday, U.S. House of Representatives Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp, R-Mich., unveiled
his tax reform proposal. He deserves credit for working hard on this issue, and I hope that this plan
will aid in a frank discussion of this crucial issue for American families.
Reforming and updating our tax code should
entail a serious review of the merits of each and every tax code provision, including a cost benefit
analysis. I am mindful that the impact of tax reform should not result in a net tax increase on the job
creators and workers in our great country. Equally important is that reform should avoid retroactive
tax increases as it is simply unfair to taxpayers who made decisions based on the tax rules at the time
only to have the rules changed in the middle of the game.
As a member of the Senate Finance Committee,
which is responsible for writing our nation&#8217;s tax laws, I welcome your suggestions on how to simplify,
make fairer and lower the current tax burden borne by taxpayers. Together, we can make a difference to
craft a tax code for the 21st century.
Iran Sanctions
On Thursday, I
spoke
on the floor of the Senate
to
support Sen. Richard Burr&#8217;s, R-N.C., legislation that that pays for a bill to expand veterans&#8217;
health care and education benefits and job-assistance programs. Burr&#8217;s legislation also includes
additional savings in the Department of Veterans Affairs and includes sanctions against Iran if Iran
violates the interim agreement or any final agreement regarding its nuclear program.
It is critical and important that the
Senate of the United States sends a clear message to the Iranians that we will not be lied to, we will
not be misled and we will expect them to honor their commitments. If they don&#8217;t, there will be
consequences for their actions. I want us to let Iran and all of the Middle East know that we will not
stand for a nuclear weapon in Iran.
In particular, three things are important
to note in Burr&#8217;s legislation: First, it reimposes existing sanctions suspended under the interim
agreement if Iran cheats on its commitment, slows negotiations or threatens the west with long-range
missiles or terrorism; second, it ensures that the final agreement must require Iran dismantle its infrastructure
to prevent Iran from being able to produce a nuclear weapon; and third, it threatens to impose additional
economic sanctions in the future should Iran fail to agree to a final deal that dismantles its nuclear
infrastructure or fails in its commitment to such an agreement.
In Other News
On
Monday, I had the opportunity to visit and speak to the members of the Georgia
Legislature,
where I served for 17 years.
My staff and I work hard to ensure that
we nominate the best and brightest of Georgia&#8217;s students to our nation&#8217;s military service
academies. To that end, I hold a Military Academy Day with members of Georgia&#8217;s Congressional Delegation
once a year in Marietta, Ga. Students in grades eight through 12 have the opportunity to hear directly
from representatives from each service academy. Additionally this week, members of my staff visited a
number of schools in South Georgia to share information on the academy application process with students
there.
Please be on the lookout for more information
from me in the coming months about our Academy Day event this spring, and visit the
service
academy page of my website
for
additional information on this process.
What&#8217;s on Tap?
On
Monday, the Senate will consider the nomination of Debo P. Adegbile to be assistant attorney general
for the Justice Department&#8217;s Civil Rights Division, along with several additional judicial nominations.
It is likely we will then proceed to S.1086, legislation to the Child Care Development Block Grant program.
Sincerely,
Johnny
Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
