
Friday, February 21, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
More Obamacare Bad News, Preventing IRS Intrusion
Obamacares Bad News Continues
Last week the Obama administration
announced
more delays in Obamacares implementation, this time for its employer mandate. Employers who employ between 51 and 99 employees will receive a one year reprieve from the enforcement of the employer mandate.
In addition, the administration announced larger employers with 100 or more employees would only be required to cover 70 percent of their workers in 2015.
Add that to the
growing list
of delays enacted by the White House. Americans are tired of the Obama administration looking out for the interests of businesses while hard-working families are left on the hook.
We dont need delays, we need relief for everyone. Thats why Ill continue to fight to protect all Americans from the effects of Obamacare.
Last weeks announcement by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office that because of Obamacare 2.5 million people will have stopped working full time by 2024, proves that theres more bad news about Obamacares effect on the workforce.
A
new survey
by Express Employment Professionals, the largest privately-held staffing firm in the country, sheds light on Obamacares impact on employers.
According to the survey, 70 percent of businesses with 45-49 employees will avoid hiring to stay under the 50-employee mark, allowing them to avoid the employer mandate.
Furthermore, 60 percent believe Obamacare will lead to less job creation.
Note: The employer mandate is a requirement enacted in the Affordable Care Act mandating that employers with 50 or more employees offer health insurance or face a penalty.
Preventing IRS Intrusion
Congresss investigation into the IRS targeting of groups for extra scrutiny based on their political beliefs continues.
As we are learning more, IRS officials have
proposed new rules
that would virtually codify this targeting. In the Ways and Means Committee we considered and
passed
H.R. 3865, the Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act, which would put these rules on hold until the investigation is complete. Americans deserve answers and we will continue our investigation
to uncover the truth
of who was behind this illegal targeting.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Increasing the debt limit without fiscal reform is unacceptable.
Find out more
about why I voted against raising the debt ceiling.
Catch my recent appearance on NBC4s Spectrum? If not, take
a look .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here