
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
February 19, 2014
Dear
Friend,
Did you know that according to Reuters, since 2008
15,000 MW of energy has been lost from power plants that shut down because
they couldnt afford to keep up with new government regulations? The
damage doesnt end there. In fact, according to Murray Energy
Corp, more than 200 coal-based electric power-generating units are
scheduled to be shut down due to regulations issued by the EPA. Thats
204 plants across 25 states, according to the Associated Press,
amounting to 31,000 megawatts of electrical power lost. To put it in
perspective, that is equivalent to shutting down the entire electricity
supply of Ohio.
The path to
energy independence isnt through regulation. Throughout my time in
Congress, I have tirelessly advocated for real solutions to our energy
problems. As Chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee, I worked with my colleagues to bring H.R. 3, the Northern Route
Approval Act through committee and to the floor where it passed
241-175. This bill declares that no presidential permit shall be required
for the pipeline application, and includes a number of other measures
designed to streamline the approval process and put shovels in the
ground to build this crucial project
sooner.
I support an "all of the above" approach that
combines short and long term goals to put America back in the game as an
energy producer. I invite you to take a moment and share your
thoughts about our energy policy by completing the following survey.
Energy Survey Do you support domestic drilling as a way to
achieve energy independence? Yes No I Don't Know Do you favor clean coal and
nuclear power? Yes No I Don't Know Do you support building the Keystone XL
Pipeline? Yes No I Don't Know *By answering this survey, you
are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here.
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
Click Here
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Contact Us
