
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congresswoman
Jackie
Walorski
Representing the 2nd District
February 05, 2014
Dear
David,
As
this cold winter continues, I have been traveling back and forth to
Washington to work on some meaningful legislation for our Hoosier veterans,
farmers, and families.
To sum it up, the
House approved a 5-year comprehensive
farm bill
and passed legislation that allows veterans to use
GI
Bill benefits
to enroll in colleges at in-state tuition
ratesproviding flexibility and certainty for many
Hoosiers.
With more wintry weather on the way this week, Hoosiers
remain concerned with high utility prices and propane shortages in the
Midwest.
To make sure federal officials continue to monitor
propane levels, I led a
letter
to U.S. Department of
Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx calling for readiness at the
federal level to extend the state of emergency if frigid conditions
continue.
This effort will provide peace of mind for our families in
need of critical home-heating supplies.
In
the coming months, Ill be working on this years budget plan and
continuing efforts to drive down energy costs, chip away at Obamacare, and
get more Hoosiers back to
work.
Keep in touch with me through my
website
or
Facebook page
to hear more about my travels in the
district.
Thanks for reading.
Have a
great week!
Sincerely,
Jackie
Walorski
Energy Costs? Have your heating bills
increased this winter? Yes No I'm not sure Which energy source heats your
home? Natural
Gas Propane Heating Oil
Electricity
Other Would you like to share a story
with me about how high energy prices are affecting your family or
business? *By answering this survey, you
are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
Walorski, Hoosier Delegation Request
Federal Assistance for Propane Shortage
It has been a bitter cold winter in Northern Indiana causing
propane shortages.
To provide critical resources to our
families and businesses, I sent a letter to U.S. Department of Transportation
Secretary Anthony Foxx requesting an emergency extension to exempt
motor carriers from hours of service limitations to enable the delivery
of much-needed propane and home heating fuels throughout the Midwest
during the severe winter weather.
On January 14, 2014, the U.S. Department of Transportation
declared a state of emergency for the Midwest, waiving hours of service
limitations to ensure consumers can steadily receive home heating fuels
that remain in unusually high demand.
The exemption is set to
expire on February 11, 2014, but we are requesting an extension beyond
February 11, 2014 if necessary to ensure deliveries continue smoothly for
Hoosiers.
If low
temperatures continue, Hoosiers deserve to know federal officials will work
together to expedite this extension to make sure much-needed supplies
are delivered to our
families.
Read a copy of the original
letter.
Read more from the Elkhart
Truth.
State of the Union Response
The President delivered his annual State of the
Union address last week.
Unfortunately, he missed another
opportunity to show his willingness to actually work with Congress to grow our
economy and get people back to work.
It has been a tough year for many Hoosier families, and the
rollout of Obamacare has already caused headaches and hardships for
many.
So far, over 108,000 Hoosiers have lost their preferred health
can plan, violating a key promise from President Obama who repeatedly
said, "If you like your plan, you can keep
it."
Hoosiers want Washington to balance the federal
budget, pay down our onerous $17.3 trillion debt, and cut red tape to
allow the economy to thrive.
Please know I will keep working across the aisle on commonsense
policies to get our fiscal house in order and send Americans back to
work.
Watch my
video response.
GI Bill Tuition Fairness
Act Unanimously Passes House
Monday
night, the House approved the GI Bill Tuition Fairness Act by a vote
of 390-0.
I co-sponsored
this bill to provide flexibility to veterans by requiring public
higher education institutions receiving GI Bill benefits to charge veterans
in-state tuition rates.
This
commonsense legislation will allow veterans to use their GI Bill
benefits to enroll in the educational courses they want to take, where they
want to take them.
After
their brave service and sacrifice, sending this straightforward bill to
the president's desk is the least we can do to support our veterans and
their families.
This
legislation is supported by Indiana University, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans
of America, American Legion, Paralyzed Veterans of America, Association
of the United States Navy, Fleet Reserve Association, Military
Officers Association of America, and Student Veterans of
America.
Read
more.
Granger Community Church
Food Drop
Recently, I joined an
estimated 3,000 volunteers at the annual Granger Community Church Food
Drop to pack and distribute food and personal care boxes to support
8,000 Hoosier families in need.
Through a partnership of churches
including Granger Community Church, Northern Indiana Food Bank, IRBN
Foods, and Feed the Children, volunteers loaded groceries into trucks,
delivering thousands of boxes to local food pantries and seven
neighborhoods.
It was a
privilege to join our Hoosier communities again this year to participate in
this impressive effort to support to those in need.
Thanks to
your commitment today, thousands of families will receive much-need
nourishment and comfort essential to surviving these cold winter months;
please know that your compassion is inspiring and
admirable.
The Food Drop is normally done in the
winter months when food pantries are most in need.
Volunteers
gathered at four different locations in Granger, Elkhart, LaPorte, and
Goshen to facilitate the distribution of goods to area
families.
Congress Passes 5-Year
Comprehensive Farm Bill
Agriculture is a cornerstone of Indiana's economy.
When I visit with Hoosier farmers and producers in the Second District,
I constantly hear about the need for a comprehensive farm bill to
provide certainty for our family farmers.
In fact, our farmers have
been waiting since 2012 for Congress to come together and pass
legislation.
Last week, I supported an agreement that includes
important provisions to end direct payments, strengthen crop insurance for
family farmers and producers, and consolidate and streamline more than
100 programs at the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
This bill is
not perfect, but it is a step in the right direction for Hoosier
farmers and families.
The U.S. Senate approved the farm bill yesterday, and will next be
sent to the president's desk for his
signature.
Read more from the Elkhart
Truth.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 