
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
JANUARY 31, 2014
Please allow me to update you on some of this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Responds to the State of the Union
On Tuesday, President Obama gave the annual State of the Union address. This year's speech was no different from the last and was full of false promises. I issued my own response to the President's address because I believe that hope and change should not just be a campaign slogan.
In his first inagural address, President Reagan said, "In the present crisis, government is not the solution to our problems, government
is
the problem." The crisis that existed when Reagan took office was very similar to the one we face today.
Large numbers of people are unemployed and even more are dropping out of the workforce. We currently have a stagnant economy and an ever-growing federal government.
We solved those problems then by coming together, and by implementing the right ideas.
We can do it again, but we must look beyond the current debate in Washington.
Click
HERE
to watch my response in its entirety.
(Dr. Rand Paul Responds to the State of the Union- January 28, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul's Statement on Delay in Raising Lake Cumberland Water Level
It is clear that Kentuckians are being asked to suffer through yet another absurd ordeal at the hands of the federal government. Lake Cumberland businesses, families and visitors have waited seven years for a return to normalcy, and federal agencies are now saying we'll probably have to wait even longer.
Any delay is obnoxious and I would hope federal authorities would recognize the negative impact.
I have introduced legislation that would let us avoid problems like these altogether. The Endangered Species Management Self-Determination Act would give Kentucky the power to regulate all of our endangered species and also give Congress the ability to review the process of naming endangered species.
Click
HERE
to read more.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets Local Bowling Green Student
Earlier this week, I had the pleasure of sitting down with Potter Gray Elementary School 4 th
grader, Clay Wallace. For a school project, Clay conducted an interview in which we discussed notable Kentuckians, the importance of laws, my life as a Senator and more.
Click
HERE
to watch the interview in its entirety.
Click
HERE
to read more about Clay's interview.
(Dr. Paul and Clay Wallace of Bowling Green- January 26, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets High School Essay Winner
On Tuesday, I met with high school student Jesse Kloss. Jesse is the winner of the essay contest in which she expressed what makes America great. While she was in Washington, D.C., she visited the Lincoln Memorial and attended the State of the Union address.
I believe it is important to engage with America's youth and I was honored to meet this exceptional high school student.
Click
HERE
to read about the meeting.
(Dr. Paul and high school essay winner Jesse Kloss- January 28, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at State of the Net Conference
Also on Tuesday, I attended the annual State of the Net Conference in Washington, D.C. I answered several questions regarding the future of technology and the government's role in protecting our rights during the digital age.
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, hundreds of thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors.
Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Media Wrap-Up
This past week, I appeared on Fox's Hannity ( Part 1
and
Part 2 ) and
Your World with Eric Bolling,
CNN's
State of the Union , NBC's
Meet the Press ,
CBS This Morning . I also appeared on
Fox News with Bret Baier
and
CNN with Wolf Blitzer
to the President's State of the Union Address.
Also this week, I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Tony Cruise on WHAS. I also penned an Op-Ed in the
Intercollegiate Review .
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member. Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
