
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
February 09, 2014
Dear Friends,
The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) has confirmed that
Obamacare is damaging the economy.
In a House Budget Hearing earlier this week, I discussed with CBO
Director Douglas Elmendorf the offices release of the
Budget and Economic Outlook for Fiscal Years
2014-2024 . Director Elmendorf confirmed that Obamacare is only making things
worse and actually creates disincentives to
work.
The Democrat's spin is that this is a good thing.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Cali.) said, "this was one of
the goals. To give people life, a healthy life, liberty to pursue their
happiness. And that liberty is to not be job-locked, but to follow
their passion.
My colleagues
and I have been warning that Obamacare is a disaster. CBO confirmed that
the law is making things worse. The Administration says by allowing
people to choose to work less, they will be able to pursue their
hobbies and dreams. The reality is, Obamacare is a significant contributor
to our deficit and the law hurts long-term the very people that it is
intended to help.
The CBO
report also confirmed that House Republicans have changed Washington
discretionary spending habits, allowing for near-term improvement in our
budget outlook. However, CBOs report makes clear that the main drivers
of our debt are still autopilot spending and interest payments. The
Obama Administration claims deficits are declining, but the reality is
our deficits are the highest they have been in history. Spending is
still the problem. We still have a lot of work to
do.
The Obama Administration does not understand that
a plan of higher taxes, higher spending, big deficits, and soaring
debt does not create jobs or economic growth. While the Administration
remains out of touch with reality, my House Republican colleagues and I
have passed dozens of commonsense, pro-growth policies. Unfortunately,
these policies are stalled without Senate action. We continue to make
the hard decisions, focusing on reforming autopilot spending and
reducing the size of government. We do this to ensure a sustainable future
for our children and our grandchildren.
Stay in touch and God bless,
click photo to view
an exert from the
hearing
How
is Obamacare affecting you or your family? Negatively Positively *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here.
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 