
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
January 19, 2014
Friends,
I am
really proud of the effort our Carolina Panthers put forth this
year.
I know this past Sunday was a tough loss, but I am already excited
for next season as the future looks bright and I have no doubt well
come roaring back.
As a man of my word, I did have to pay up my
end of the friendly wager I made with Nancy Pelosi.
That said, I
cant complain too much about spreading the deliciousness of
Bojangles chicken, Lance crackers, and
Cheerwine.
This week, I voted for the House-passed
funding measure for the entire federal government.
When
I ran for Congress, I repeatedly said that the first step we must take
to reduce spending and scale back our bloated bureaucracy is to cut
discretionary spending to pre-Obama levels.
This bill
accomplishes that goal, but we still have a lot more work to do.
Although we reversed one of the most egregious problems with the
military retirees COLA issue by eliminating the cuts to medically retired
veterans, we owe a fix to all those who were affected by this problem
and should not apply these cuts retroactively.
That is basic
fairness.
I will continue to press for a solution and remain
committed to taking care of our
veterans.
During consideration of the
omnibus spending bill, I introduced two amendments that would go a long
way towards breaking Washingtons spending addiction.
For far too long, the federal government has essentially run on
auto-pilot towards a cliff of fiscal and economic disaster.
Hard-earned tax dollars are spent frivolously with little-to-no
accountability or oversight.
Politicians talk all the time about
shrinking the size of our bloated bureaucracy, but the American people are
ready for action.
The Federal Sunset Act of 2014 creates a bipartisan
commission to set an expiration date on each federal agency and review its
policies and programs at least once every 12 years.
The
commission would submit a report to Congress and make recommendations
as to which programs either need to be abolished or substantially
reformed.
Congress would then be required to draft legislation to
carry out these recommendations otherwise the agency would
expire.
This commonsense
measure gives teeth to much-needed reforms in the federal budget
process.
By setting an expiration date for each Federal
agency, we force Congress to question the need for each program and
consider ways to cut wasteful spending to help government operate more
efficiently.
Hardworking individuals and families dont just
spend their money carelessly without evaluating the costs first.
It is time we demand the same level of responsibility from
the federal government.
This is something that the
American people want, and that Washington desperately
needs.
The other amendment I
introduced is a perfect example of why this sunset provision is such a
necessary leash for our bureaucracy.
Last week, my colleague Rep.
Jeff Duncan (SC-03) released a report examining the construction of the
new Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Headquarters at St.
Elizabeths campus.
The report was very troubling and unearthed
an incredible amount of waste and inefficiencies in the planning and
construction of this project.
It was already absurd to
think that we were going to spend over a billion dollars to complete
this operation, but now DHS plans to spend another $3 billion and has
pushed its projected completion date to 202610 years beyond the
original schedule.
To put things in perspective, building the tallest
structure in the world, the Burj Khalifa, took engineers only 6 years
and $1.5 billion to complete. Thats one-third of the total time and
cost of the new DHS
Headquarters.
My amendment would halt further funding
for the construction of this facility to prevent excessive waste of
taxpayer dollars until DHS and the General Services Administration (GSA)
can come back with a better plan.
This is a commonsense proposal
and I am committed to stopping this wasteful exercise.
However, I
am very confident that something like this would never happen if we
had a Sunset Commission in place to hold Congress and the administration
accountable for its reckless spending.
Until next week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Check out a
few pictures from this
week!
This week I
was honored to meet with a group of my colleagues and Israeli Ambassador
Ron
Dermer.
_______________________
I was proud to present J. Parker Garrison with the Congressional
Award to recognize his dedication to volunteer public service,
personal development, physical fitness and exploration.
_______________________
I dropped by Jay M.
Robinson High School to congratulate Nicholas McNiffe for being accepted
into the United States Military Academy at West Point. I wish him all the
best as he takes this extraordinary step and commits himself to
service to our
country.
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave,
NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville
Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
