
25
FEB 14
Join me in Helena for my upcoming Small Business Opportunity Workshop
Dear David,
I'm hosting my latest Small Business Opportunity Workshop in Helena on Friday, March 7, and I hope you will join me.
My workshop will focus on strengthening Montana's economy and creating jobs by providing our manufacturers with the tools they need to succeed.
The United States - and Montana - used to be a global leader in manufacturing before companies started sending American jobs overseas.
Now that more of these jobs are coming home, Montana's workforce needs to be ready to do the jobs of the 21st Century.
My workshop will be held on March 7 in "The Cube" Campus Center at Carroll College.
It will run from 8 a.m. until 12:30 p.m. and is free and open to the public.
Please join us.
RSVP at
www.tester.senate.gov/RSVP .
We have a talented group that will lead the discussion about enhancing your customers' experience and taking your business to the next level.
Below is what you can expect at my 14th Small Business Opportunity Workshop:
Keynote speech by Tab Wilkins
- the Pacific Northwest Regional Manager with the U.S. Department of Commerce's Manufacturing Extension Partnership Program
Montana Business panelists : Paige Montague with MyTopo.com, Ashley Moran with Fort Peck Tech Manufacturing, Tom Spika with Spika Welding, James Stephens with Blue Marble Biomaterials, and Bill Nicholson with inDimension3 Printing
Industry Support panelists : Todd Daniels with Montana Manufacturing Extension Center, Ronda Coguill with Montana Tech's Materials Testing Lab, and Cary Hester with Montana U.S. Export Assistance Center
Opportunities to network
with Montana businesses, industry reps and the Montana Department of Commerce
Montana&rsquo;s small businesses strengthen our economy and create jobs.
This workshop will help them find more ways to grow and prosper.
I invite you to be a part of it.
Please RSVP at
www.tester.senate.gov/RSVP .
Stay tuned for more updates.
WWW.TESTER.SENATE.GOV
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
