
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
February 20, 2014
Dear David,
I was honored
to serve as Ventura Countys voice in Congress this past year, and I
look forward to continuing to advocate for you as we begin the second
session of the 113 th
Congress.
At home, I've been
working with our local cities and county government, our agriculture
stakeholders, our large and small employers, Naval Base Ventura
County, and our veterans community to advance our priorities, so that our
economy continues to grow and our residents continue to
thrive.
In Washington, the House and Senate passed the Farm Bill, which is
vital to our local agricultural economy. Additionally, Congress passed
a two-year budget and an appropriations bill that will ensure the
federal government's doors will stay open for business. All of these
bills represent compromise between the two parties, and while not perfect,
they are examples of how Congress can come together to move our
country forward.
We have many issues that should be addressed in
the coming year, such as passing comprehensive immigration reform. I
hope that you will reach out to me to express your views on this
legislation, as well as other bills pending before Congress. It is with
your input that I can better advocate for our community.
Below
is a sample of some of the work I've been doing recently as Ventura
Countys representative in Congress.
It is an honor to serve
you,
JULIA
BROWNLEY
Member of Congress
Table of
Contents
Congresswoman
Brownley Holds Veterans Roundtable
Congresswoman Brownley Delivers $1.5 Million in
Overdue Federal Benefits to Ventura County Constituents since Taking
Office
Brownley
Stands Up for Womens Reproductive Health
Rights
Congresswoman Brownley Urges Vote to
Extend Emergency Unemployment Compensation
Benefits
Congresswoman Brownley Attends
Farm Bureau of Ventura County Reception
Congresswoman Brownley Announces U.S.
Service Academy Nominees
Congresswoman Brownley Marks the 41st Anniversary of
Roe v. Wade
House Committee on Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on Health
Field Hearing in Camarillo
Congresswoman Brownley holds Veterans
Roundtable
This month, Congresswoman Brownley, the
ranking member on the House Veterans' Affairs Subcommittee on Health,
organized and held a roundtable with Ventura County veterans and service
organizations to discuss the current issues and concerns of veterans in
the region. This productive conversation reinforced Brownleys
commitment to our veterans and belief that they should receive the benefits
they have earned and so greatly deserve to successfully transition
back to civilian life.
Congresswoman Brownley holds a Veterans
Roundtable to discuss veterans issues and policies that will help create jobs
in Ventura
County.
Congresswoman
Brownley Delivers $1.5 Million in Overdue Federal Benefits to Ventura
County Constituents since Taking Office
In the
year since Congresswoman Brownley took office, Brownley and her staff
have successfully delivered $1.5 million in overdue federal benefits to
her Ventura County constituents. Additionally, she helped secure more
than $8 million in federal grants for local projects. If you work for
an organization that needs help with a federal grant, or believe you
are owed benefits from a federal agency, please do not hesitate to
contact one of our district offices. We are here to help!
Brownley
Stands Up for Womens Reproductive Health
Rights
In December, the House Judiciary Committee introduced anti-choice
legislation that would restrict access to comprehensive health coverage for
employees of small businesses, and they fast-tracked it to a floor
vote. Instead of bringing up bills that undermine womens constitutional
rights and raise taxes on women and small businesses, Congress should
focus on legislation that creates jobs and helps struggling families.
Brownley offered an amendment to H.R. 7, along with eight of her
colleagues, to end this attack on women and families. See her remarks on
the House Floor below.
Congresswoman Brownley
speaks on the House Floor urging Congress to focus on jobs and the economy
instead of attacking women and
families.
Congresswoman Brownley Urges Vote to Extend Emergency Unemployment
Compensation Benefits
Congresswoman Brownley
recently took to the House Floor to urge Speaker Boehner to bring a vote to
extend emergency unemployment compensation benefits and help the
thousands of Ventura County residents whose benefits were cut off on
December 28, 2013. View her remarks below:
Brownley speaks on
the House Floor urging a vote to extend emergency unemployment
compensation
benefits.
Congresswoman Brownley
Attends Farm Bureau of Ventura County Reception
In
January, Congresswoman Brownley had the opportunity to be the keynote
speaker at the Farm Bureau of Ventura Countys annual reception at
Naval Base Ventura County. Brownley is committed to doing all she can to
strengthen Ventura Countys agriculture economy. In the House,
Congresswoman Brownley has joined the Citrus Caucus, the Specialty Crop
Caucus, and the California Congressional Water Caucus, which are all
focused on finding bipartisan solutions to issues facing growers and
farmworkers here at home and across the nation.
Congresswoman Brownley meets
with members of the Farm Bureau of Ventura County to discuss agriculture
policy crucial to the
region.
Congresswoman Brownley Announces U.S. Service Academy
Nominees
Congresswoman Brownley recently announced her nomination of 28
outstanding Ventura County high school students to U.S. Service
Academies, which include the United States Military Academy in West Point,
New York; United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland; United
States Merchant Marine Academy in Kings Point, New York; and United
States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colorado. "These students
represent the best and brightest of our youth," said Brownley. "And as
someone who grew up in a military family, I commend them for applying
and am proud to nominate them for the academies."
Congresswoman Brownley honoring her 2014 service academy
nominees.
Congresswoman Brownley Marks the 41st
Anniversary of
Roe v. Wade
Congresswoman Brownley
recently attended the Ventura County Reproductive Rights Networks
event commemorating the 41 st
anniversary of the landmark
Supreme Court decision
Roe v. Wade , which protects a womans
constitutional right to choose.
Congresswoman Brownley joined
the Ventura County Reproductive Network to commemorate
Roe v.
Wade
and discuss legislation impacting womens health
decisions.
House Committee on Veterans Affairs
Subcommittee on Health Field Hearing in Camarillo
As
your Congresswoman and as the Ranking Member on the House Committee on
Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on Health, I wanted to inform you that
the subcommittee will be holding a field hearing on Thursday, February
20, 2014 on the mental health care services available to Southern
California veterans through the Greater Los Angeles Department of
Veterans Affairs (VA) Healthcare System. Titled An Examination of Veteran
Access to Traditional and Alternative Forms of Mental Health Therapy,"
it will examine the relationship between community programs and the VA
resources in providing veterans with the care and services that they
need.
WHERE: California State University Channel
Islands - 1 University Drive, Camarillo, California
93012.
DATE: Thursday, February 20, 2014.
TIME: 10:00AM
If
you plan on attending, please RSVP at
CA26.RSVP@mail.house.gov . For more information, please call (805)
379-1779.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates
from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
What should
Congress's priorities be in 2014? Jobs/Economy Women's health Comprehensive immigration reform Health care reform Veterans' issues Balancing the federal budget Campaign finance and election
reform Civil
liberties and personal privacy Environment Protecting Social Security and Medicare Education Other *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
Share on
Digg Share on MySpace Share on Yahoo Buzz
Washington D.C. Office
1019 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: 2022255811
Fax: 2022251100
Hours: Mon.-Fri.
9:00am-5:30pm
Oxnard, CA Office
300 E. Esplanade Drive, Suite 470
Oxnard, CA 93036
Phone: 8053791779
Fax: 8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri. 9:00am-5:30pm
Thousand Oaks, CA Office
223 E. Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite 411
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360
Phone Number: 8053791779
Fax:
8053791799
Hours: Mon.-Fri.
9:00am-5:30pm
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
