
Congress's budget office says ObamaCare will increase unemployment.
Feb. 4, 2014
There are 7.8 million Americans working part-time who want full-time work, including a fry cook whose restaurant cut his hours to avoid Affordable Care Act
mandates and confronted President Obama in an online Google
Q&A; last week: "We can't survive. It's not a living." Mr. Obama changed the subject to raising the minimum wage. But he can't dodge reality forever as the evidence piles up that ObamaCare
is harming the labor market.
On Tuesday no less than the Congressional Budget Office reported that the health law is causing Americans to work less or not at all, in a remarkable intellectual turnabout for the budget shop that Democrats cited repeatedly when selling ObamaCare . Now CBO-full of liberal-leaning economists-says the economy will lose the equivalent of two million full-time workers by 2017 and 2.5 million over the next decade, a threefold increase over its prior estimate.
CBO's analysis is rooted in ObamaCare's complex design that includes new subsidies, taxes and mandates. For low-wage, lower-skilled or discouraged workers in particular, ObamaCare offers incentives that can force them to trade jobs for entitlement benefits.
CBO's conclusion is that ObamaCare will encourage people to supply less labor by deciding not to take a job or by working fewer hours. The law's insurance subsidies are gradually taken away as income rises, "creating an implicit tax on additional earnings," the CBO observes. These effective marginal tax rates reduce the rewards for work-whether it be overtime, accepting a promotion, or training in the hope of higher future earnings. CBO doesn't note, though we will, that simply extending "free" coverage skews job search decisions by offering an in-kind bonus for unemployment.
CBO's job-loss prediction is all the more remarkable because it doesn't include the impact of ObamaCare's employer mandate, which requires businesses with 50 or more full-time employees to offer insurance or pay a $2,000 penalty for each worker beyond 30 employees. CBO more or less punts on the issue because the White House delayed the mandate for a year and the changes would be hard to model. But this means CBO is probably still underestimating job losses because common sense says that labor mandates raise hiring costs and induce businesses to hire less, or pay lower wages, or slash hours, or all three.
Too bad this reality isn't permeating the liberal force field of thinking only positive thoughts. "Claims that the Affordable Care Act
hurts jobs are simply belied by the facts in the CBO report," the White House declared Tuesday. By "facts," the White House seems to mean that the report is positive because "individuals will be empowered to make choices about their own lives and livelihoods" and "have the opportunity to pursue their dreams." There you have it: the new American dream of not working.
All of this is one more contradiction of the arguments that were used to sell ObamaCare. The law would reduce health-care costs and shrink the deficit, you could keep your health plan and your doctor, and businesses could hire more workers and be more competitive. All of this is turning out to be false, and now we learn that the law is a job destroyer that is removing rungs from the ladder of upward economic mobility.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Obamacare to Increase Unemployment
For years now continued warnings have been sounded that Obamacare would destroy jobs. Over the last several months I have heard from a countless number of my constituents
who are concerned about the loss of hours and pay at work and the inability to find a full-time job.
I have also heard from local employers about how the mandates included in the law force them to reduce the number of workers they employ or reduce the hours
their employees work.
Yesterday, the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) issued a report which shows that Obamacare will cause the economy to lose the equivalent of two million full-time
workers by 2017 and over 2.5 million jobs over the next 10 years.
These job losses will be caused by perverse incentives in the law that actually encourage people to work less so that they can get increased government benefits and punish the hard-working
middle class with higher taxes and reduced benefits.
The response from the Obama Administration to this report was simply unbelievable as they tried to spin it as positive because now workers would have the opportunity to work less and earn less. This runs
counter to the American Dream which has always meant that hard work is valued, and in this land of freedom and liberty, you are entitled to enjoy the benefits of your own success.
Obamacare is simply not working and is continuing to cause untold damage to our economy.
I have attached an editorial from today&#8217;s
Wall Street Journal
which provides valuable insight on yesterday&#8217;s CBO report.
I hope that you can take a minute to read it to better understand why I am so committed to repealing Obamacare and replacing it with a more patient centered approach that
reduces healthcare costs, expands access to care for every American and doesn&#8217;t stand in the way of economic growth and badly needed new jobs.
Wall Street Journal Editorial:
The Jobless Care Act
Congress's budget office says ObamaCare will increase unemployment.
Feb. 4, 2014
There are 7.8 million Americans working part-time who want full-time work, including a fry cook whose restaurant cut his hours to avoid
Affordable
Care Act
mandates and confronted President Obama in an online
Google
Q&amp;A last week: &quot;We can't survive. It's not a living.&quot; Mr. Obama changed
the subject to raising the minimum wage. But he can't dodge reality forever as the evidence piles up that
ObamaCare
is
harming the labor market.
On Tuesday no less than the Congressional Budget Office reported that the health law is causing Americans to work less or not at all, in a remarkable intellectual
turnabout for the budget shop that Democrats cited repeatedly when selling
ObamaCare .
Now CBO&#8212;full of liberal-leaning economists&#8212;says the economy will lose the equivalent of two million full-time workers by 2017 and 2.5 million over the next decade, a threefold increase over its prior estimate.
CBO's analysis is rooted in ObamaCare's complex design that includes new subsidies, taxes and mandates. For low-wage, lower-skilled or discouraged workers in particular, ObamaCare offers incentives that can force them to trade jobs
for entitlement benefits.
CBO's conclusion is that ObamaCare will encourage people to supply less labor by deciding not to take a job or by working fewer hours. The law's insurance subsidies are gradually taken away as income rises, &quot;creating an implicit tax
on additional earnings,&quot; the CBO observes. These effective marginal tax rates reduce the rewards for work&#8212;whether it be overtime, accepting a promotion, or training in the hope of higher future earnings. CBO doesn't note, though we will, that simply extending
&quot;free&quot; coverage skews job search decisions by offering an in-kind bonus for unemployment.
CBO's job-loss prediction is all the more remarkable because it doesn't include the impact of ObamaCare's employer mandate, which requires businesses with 50 or more full-time employees to offer insurance or pay a $2,000 penalty for
each worker beyond 30 employees. CBO more or less punts on the issue because the White House delayed the mandate for a year and the changes would be hard to model. But this means CBO is probably still underestimating job losses because common sense says that
labor mandates raise hiring costs and induce businesses to hire less, or pay lower wages, or slash hours, or all three.
Too bad this reality isn't permeating the liberal force field of thinking only positive thoughts. &quot;Claims that the
Affordable
Care Act
hurts jobs are simply belied by the facts in the CBO report,&quot; the White House declared Tuesday. By &quot;facts,&quot; the White House seems to mean that the report is positive because &quot;individuals will be empowered
to make choices about their own lives and livelihoods&quot; and &quot;have the opportunity to pursue their dreams.&quot; There you have it: the new American dream of not working.
All of this is one more contradiction of the arguments that were used to sell ObamaCare. The law would reduce health-care costs and shrink the deficit, you could keep your health plan and your doctor, and businesses could hire more
workers and be more competitive. All of this is turning out to be false, and now we learn that the law is a job destroyer that is removing rungs from the ladder of upward economic mobility.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
