
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's
Third District
|
Contact Me
February 23, 2014
Capitol Corner: Another
Day, Another
Delay
To no ones surprise, President Obama has announced yet another delay
for ObamaCare. The employer mandate, which was already pushed back a
year, has now been delayed until 2015. This latest delay means the
president has unilaterally delayed his own law over 20 times since July
2013.
Contrary to the
presidents claims, ObamaCares employer mandate is one of the reasons
were seeing a hiring freeze, and its putting stress on our already
struggling small businesses. According to a recent Chamber of Commerce
survey, a third of franchise businesses are cutting back workers hours
because of the requirement to offer health coverage to full-time
employees or face a hefty fine. This health care law is slowly turning our
recovering economy into a part time work force. It seems that between
this administration and his health law, we are constantly taking steps
backwards to clean up this mess instead of
forwards.
Nancy Pelosi wasnt kidding when she said we have to
pass the law to see whats in it- and America isnt a fan of what
were getting. In the same week as the administrations delay
announcement, the House Republican health care alternative gained its first
Democratic supporter. Its another sign that this health care law isnt
working, no matter which side of the aisle youre on.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Should Congress pass the proposed Voting Rights
Act rewrite?
By Rep. Lynn
Westmoreland
This is an op-ed featured in
Congressional Quarterly's weekly print
edition.
Everyone agrees that the significant burdens imposed by
preclearance under the Voting Rights Act (VRA) were desperately needed
when they were passed in 1965.
But that was nearly 50 years
ago.
Since its passage, we have seen dramatic changes across the
country, especially in the South, that point to the fact that the VRA
needed updating.
Georgia has four African-American Members of
Congress and some of the highest minority voter turnout in the country.
In fact, in November 2012, a higher percentage of registered
African-American women turned out to vote than registered white women or
men.
Because of the major changes
since the dark days of the 1960s, the Supreme Courts decision in
Shelby County v. Holder
last year ruling the formula used for
preclearance under Section 5 of the VRA as unconstitutional should not
have come as a surprise.
This law used outdated information to set
the formula for preclearance and punished certain areas of the country
for the sins of their fathers and grandfathers.
To put it in
perspective, a person who became eligible to vote the year the VRA was
signed into law became eligible for Medicare last
year.
I pushed hard to update the coverage formula
the portion the Court struck down
when the VRA was reauthorized in
2006.
Unfortunately, my pleas fell on deaf ears.
I applaud
my colleague from Wisconsin Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner for attempting to
update the law, but unfortunately cannot agree with his
method.
First and foremost, the proposed update
doesnt change the scope of preclearance, which is a huge burden to
jurisdictions and was a major consideration in the Supreme Courts
decision on the old formula.
Second, it continues to punish entire
states for the actions of counties
even if the state government has no
control over its counties, as is the case in Georgia.
Third, it
back-dates coverage to include any election changes made since the
formula was overturned last year, punishing states at a time when they
didnt realize they would be punished.
Fourth, it defines what
races will be the majority and minority for all time, even if that is
not true in a particular state or jurisdiction, making the VRA less
able to account for changing conditions.
Finally, it
disproportionately punishes those states who were under the unconstitutional
formula because all existing objections under the old system count toward
coveragesomething that is not true for other states.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
WTVM: Congressman Lynn Westmoreland to visit Harris
County Chamber this Friday
Lynn Westmoreland (R
GA 3rd
District) will be making a stop by the Harris County Chamber office on
Friday, Feb. 21 at 9 a.m...
The Hill: House GOP to go after IRS
Less than two months
before taxes are due, House Republicans will pass a slate of bills
aimed at protecting taxpayers from Internal Revenue Service
abuses...
Office of the Speaker:
Jobs &amp; Unemployment Americans Top Concern
As the
presidents stimulus turned five yesterday, a new Gallup survey showed that
the number one question on Americans minds continues to be, Where
are the jobs?
LaGrange News: Hogansville police chief
honored at luncheon
...Matt Brass, of the 3rd congressional
district spoke on behalf of U.S. Rep. Lynn Westmoreland and presented
a letter to Ector from Westmoreland which honored and thanked Ector
for his service to Hogansville...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
