 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT
US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
February 24, 2014
Around the District: Iola,
Chanute, and Marysville
This week I stopped in
Iola and Chanute to visit with folks over a cup of coffee and listen to
ideas. We had great conversations, discussing our concerns over a
number of issues and as you know these discussions are where I get my
best advice. I look forward to bringing your ideas back to Washington.
Thank you to everyone who stopped by!
I also had the opportunity to tour a number of
businesses this week.
While in Chanute, I toured Chanute
Manufacturing Company. I want to thank the staff at Chanute Manufacturing
Company for educating me about the company and taking me around their
facility. It is great to experience first hand a local American
manufacturing companys day-to-day operations, as these companies are the backbone
of our local Kansas economies.
While in Marysville I toured Landoll
Corporation with State Senator Elaine Bowers. This week, Landoll
Corporation received the Kansas Chamber's 2014 Ad Astra Award, an honor
presented to one business every year that exemplifies both business and civic
excellence within the state. I was honored to attend the award
ceremony for Don Landoll, and then get the opportunity to tour his company
this week. I can't thank them enough for inviting me and Senator Bowers
and after the tour, the award is quite deserving.
Over the
past fifty years, Mr. Landoll has turned a small, Quick Service
Welding shop into a multi-national company with over 500 employees. His
business competes in the global economy, and he has been recognized in
the past for his companies strength in the export markets, sending his
Americanmade goods all over the world.
Secretary Sebelius Fails to Address
ObamaCare Navigator Security Concerns:
Under
the Affordable Care Act Secretary Kathleen Sebelius and her department
were charged with setting up the Navigator Program, which is designed
to certify individuals to assist with enrollment in the Federal
Health Care Exchange. Four months ago,
I sent a letter
to Secretary Sebelius
expressing concerns and questioning the
Navigator program and whether Americans are safe from fraud under
this law.
This week I received a response from
Secretary Sebelius, and unfortunately after reviewing the response, Secretary
Sebelius and her department confirmed that they failed to set up basic
safeguards to the Navigators Program. The law has been in place for
four years and while they say they are working on it, HHS still hasnt
approved standards that would prevent felons from accessing your most
private information including Social Security numbers, financial data,
and health records.
Secretary Sebelius also informed me that no
navigators will be fired for ethical lapses, and no formal ethical
training will take place.
If a navigator has acted in an unethical
manner, they will be basically placed on navigator
probation.
This is extremely troubling and shows how vulnerable the
Presidents healthcare law is to fraud.
The Navigator Program must
be put on hold until proper safeguards are put in place and Secretary
Sebelius can guarantee the safety and privacy of Kansans are not put
at risk.
Holding the Administration
Accountable for Executive Orders:
Last week,
I signed a letter to Attorney
General Eric Holder
requesting an explanation of the
constitutional authority under which President Obama intends to carry out
his pledge to use his pen to sidestep Congress.
This behavior is
disheartening, and certainly no way to rebuild confidence in
Washingtons ability to lead.
The Presidents most recent executive
delay of his own healthcare law was issued a day after the
Congressional Budget Office (CBO) released a negative report on the adverse
effects the healthcare law will have on the American workforce. One thing
is clear, the President does not have the authority to issue executive
orders and override laws made by Congress for political
reasons.
IRS Targeting Conservative
Groups:
Over the past six months, the committee I serve on, the Ways
and Means Committee, has been taking action to prevent overreach by the
Internal Revenue Service (IRS). These hearings have uncovered an
organized effort by the IRS to silence targeted conservative groups.
Last week, the Ways and Means Committee approved legislation that
prohibits the agency from finalizing a regulation that will limit the free
speech and advocacy efforts of 501(c)(4) organizations. The Stop
Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act of 2014, ensures the IRS is
not able to further regulate the very groups they have been
discriminating against.
The IRS has lost the publics trust for its
failure to enforce the laws fairly and for its lack of transparency or
accountability. The Ways and Means Committee is continuing to investigate
the IRS conduct and hold those responsible for politicizing the
agency.
5th Anniversary of the Presidents Failed Stimulus:
Monday marked the five-year anniversary of the Presidents
stimulus package, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. Nearly $800
billion in taxpayer dollars was injected into the economy with hopes of
creating more demand for workers. But, as we move into our fifth year
of the slowest economic recovery since World War II, we know the
stimulus has created far less than the 3.5 million jobs the President
touted in 2009. The share of Americans working or looking for work remains
near its lowest point in
35
years .
Also this week, the Congressional Budget Office released a report
which showed that the Presidents proposal for a minimum wage
increase would cost 500,000 Americans their jobs. There is a better way to
grow our economy than a plan that would cost half a million jobs. It is
time the President work with House Republicans on how to move people
out of minimum wage jobs and create more opportunity so people can
move into better paying, higher skill employment to provide stability and
opportunity for their families.
Share on
Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg,
KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS
66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
