
Honoring Margaret Chase Smith
Fifty years ago today, on January 27, 1964, Margaret Chase Smith of
Maine announced her candidacy for the Republican nomination for
President.
In July of that year, she became the first woman to have
her name placed in nomination for the Presidency at a major political
party's national convention.
Senator Susan Collins delivered a speech on the Senate floor today
commemorating this anniversary and Margaret Chase Smith's lasting
legacy in Maine and America.
(Click the play button above or click here
to watch Senator Collins'
speech)
Senator Collins first met Senator Smith in 1971.
At the time, Senator
Collins was a senior at Caribou High School participating in the United
States Senate Youth Program. She met with Senator Smith in her
Washington, D.C. office.
Following is text from a portion of Senator Collins' remarks on the
Senate floor today:
Fifty years ago today, on January 27th, 1964, Senator Margaret Chase
Smith of Maine announced her candidacy for President of the United
States. The following July, at the Republican National Convention in
San Francisco, the Great Lady from Maine became the first woman to have
her name entered into nomination by a major party for our nation's
highest office. I rise to commemorate this remarkable leader and this
significant milestone in American history.
At the time of her announcement, Senator Smith was in her twenty-fourth
year in Congress and was an established groundbreaker. She was the
first woman elected to both the House and the Senate, and the first to
serve on the Armed Services Committee. She was the woman who gave other
women the opportunity to have careers in the military. Due to her early
and energetic support for the space program, she was called the woman
who put a man on the moon.
Her courageous "Declaration of Conscience," delivered in the Senate on
June 1st, 1950, turned the tide against McCarthyism and reminded all
Americans of our nation's core values of free expression and
independent thought.
Senator Smith made her presidential announcement in a speech at the
Women's National Press Club in Washington. It was an important address,
in which she described both the progress America had made against
hatred, bigotry, and extremism, and the challenges that remained.
But she saved the best for last. After telling her audience of the
flood of letters she had been receiving from all over the country
urging her to run for president, Senator Smith described the reasons
offered by her supporters. Such as, she had more experience at the
national level than the other confirmed candidates. She had the stature
that could break the barrier against women being seriously considered
for president. She would provide a moderate, middle-of-the-road option
in an election that was shaping up as one between conservative and
liberal philosophies.
Then she described the reasons she should not run - the widespread
contention that the presidency was a man's job, her lack of financial
resources and a professional political organization, and the fact that
the odds were heavily against her.
Senator Smith said she found the reasons offered against running far
more compelling than those in favor. So imagine the audience's surprise
when she said that, because of those reasons, she had decided to enter
the New Hampshire primary.
Her campaign was off and running, and what a campaign it was. Senator
Smith accepted no money from anyone - all contributions, large and
small, were returned to sender. She took to the campaign trail only
when the Senate was not in session in order to preserve her perfect
record of never missing a roll -call vote and to keep the pledge of
dedicated service she had made to the people of Maine. Her campaign
motto was, "There is nothing more effective than a handshake and a
little conversation."
As a consequence of her self-imposed financial and time restrictions,
Senator Smith did not win a primary, but in the one primary where she
was able to campaign somewhat extensively - Illinois, for all of two
weekends and a total cost of $85 - she finished a strong second in a
field of six, losing only to the eventual nominee, Barry Goldwater.
With 25 percent of the vote, she came in far ahead of such well-known
candidates as Richard Nixon, Nelson Rockefeller, and Henry Cabot Lodge.
It is intriguing to think what she could have done with a more
traditional campaign.
At the Republican National Convention that year, Senator Smith's name
was entered into nomination by Senator George Aiken of Vermont. He told
the delegates that Senator Smith's integrity, ability, common sense,
and courage made her "the best qualified person you ever voted for." On
the first ballot, 27 delegates did vote for Margaret Chase Smith.
Unlike the other candidates, Senator Smith did not release her
delegates to the landslide victor, Senator Goldwater. This was not done
out of spite - she campaigned for him earnestly in the general election
- but because she wanted the historical record to show that a woman had
been given serious consideration for the presidency.
Many words have been spoken over many years in attempts to describe the
character of Senator Margaret Chase Smith. Perhaps the best were
offered by the candidate herself on that campaign trail a half-century
ago: "I have few illusions and no money, but I'm staying for the
finish. When people keep telling you, you can't do a thing, you kind of
like to try." On this milestone anniversary, I am honored to celebrate
an extraordinary Maine woman who tried and failed in one endeavor, but,
in so doing, inspired generations of Americans with her strength and
determination, and demonstrated, as she once said, that a woman's place
is "everywhere."
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
Honoring
Margaret Chase Smith
Fifty years ago today, on January 27, 1964, Margaret Chase Smith of Maine announced her
candidacy for the Republican nomination for President.
In July of that year, she became the first
woman to have her name placed in nomination for the Presidency at a major political party's national
convention.
Senator Susan Collins delivered a speech on the Senate floor today commemorating this anniversary
and Margaret Chase Smith's lasting legacy in Maine and America.
(Click the play button above or
click
here
to watch Senator Collins' speech)
Senator Collins first met Senator Smith in 1971.
At the time, Senator Collins was a senior
at Caribou High School participating in the United States Senate Youth Program. She met with Senator
Smith in her Washington, D.C. office.
Following is text from a portion of Senator Collins' remarks on the Senate floor today:
Fifty years ago today, on January 27th, 1964, Senator Margaret Chase Smith of Maine announced
her candidacy for President of the United States. The following July, at the Republican National Convention
in San Francisco, the Great Lady from Maine became the first woman to have her name entered into nomination
by a major party for our nation's highest office. I rise to commemorate this remarkable leader and this
significant milestone in American history.
At the time of her announcement, Senator Smith was in her twenty-fourth year in Congress and
was an established groundbreaker. She was the first woman elected to both the House and the Senate, and
the first to serve on the Armed Services Committee. She was the woman who gave other women the opportunity
to have careers in the military. Due to her early and energetic support for the space program, she was
called the woman who put a man on the moon.
Her courageous "Declaration of Conscience," delivered in the Senate on June 1st, 1950, turned
the tide against McCarthyism and reminded all Americans of our nation's core values of free expression
and independent thought.
Senator Smith made her presidential announcement in a speech at the Women's National Press Club
in Washington. It was an important address, in which she described both the progress America had made
against hatred, bigotry, and extremism, and the challenges that remained.
But she saved the best for last. After telling her audience of the flood of letters she had been
receiving from all over the country urging her to run for president, Senator Smith described the reasons
offered by her supporters. Such as, she had more experience at the national level than the other confirmed
candidates. She had the stature that could break the barrier against women being seriously considered
for president. She would provide a moderate, middle-of-the-road option in an election that was shaping
up as one between conservative and liberal philosophies.
Then she described the reasons she should not run - the widespread contention that the presidency
was a man's job, her lack of financial resources and a professional political organization, and the fact
that the odds were heavily against her.
Senator Smith said she found the reasons offered against running far more compelling than those
in favor. So imagine the audience's surprise when she said that, because of those reasons, she had decided
to enter the New Hampshire primary.
Her campaign was off and running, and what a campaign it was. Senator Smith accepted no money
from anyone - all contributions, large and small, were returned to sender. She took to the campaign trail
only when the Senate was not in session in order to preserve her perfect record of never missing a roll
-call vote and to keep the pledge of dedicated service she had made to the people of Maine. Her campaign
motto was, "There is nothing more effective than a handshake and a little conversation."
As a consequence of her self-imposed financial and time restrictions, Senator Smith did not win
a primary, but in the one primary where she was able to campaign somewhat extensively - Illinois, for
all of two weekends and a total cost of $85 - she finished a strong second in a field of six, losing
only to the eventual nominee, Barry Goldwater. With 25 percent of the vote, she came in far ahead of
such well-known candidates as Richard Nixon, Nelson Rockefeller, and Henry Cabot Lodge. It is intriguing
to think what she could have done with a more traditional campaign.
At the Republican National Convention that year, Senator Smith's name was entered into nomination
by Senator George Aiken of Vermont. He told the delegates that Senator Smith's integrity, ability, common
sense, and courage made her "the best qualified person you ever voted for." On the first ballot, 27 delegates
did vote for Margaret Chase Smith.
Unlike the other candidates, Senator Smith did not release her delegates to the landslide victor,
Senator Goldwater. This was not done out of spite - she campaigned for him earnestly in the general election
- but because she wanted the historical record to show that a woman had been given serious consideration
for the presidency.
Many words have been spoken over many years in attempts to describe the character of Senator
Margaret Chase Smith. Perhaps the best were offered by the candidate herself on that campaign trail a
half-century ago: "I have few illusions and no money, but I'm staying for the finish. When people keep
telling you, you can't do a thing, you kind of like to try." On this milestone anniversary, I am honored
to celebrate an extraordinary Maine woman who tried and failed in one endeavor, but, in so doing, inspired
generations of Americans with her strength and determination, and demonstrated, as she once said, that
a woman's place is "everywhere."
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
