
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Week of February 3, 2014
McConnell Calls on Administration to Stop Endangering Kentucky Jobs
McConnell Urges Feds to Restore Lake Cumberland Water Levels
Last week, the Obama Administration announced its plan to delay raising water levels at Lake Cumberland, a popular tourist destination in Kentucky, because of a two-and-a-half-inch minnow that is on the federal endangered species list. Senator McConnell commented on the plan, calling their decision, &ldquo;unacceptable,&rdquo; saying the administration has &ldquo;sided with this minnow over the economic well-being of the thousands of people in southeastern Kentucky who live near and depend on Lake Cumberland as a major driver of commerce, tourism, and recreation.&rdquo;
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor highlighting this endangerment of Kentucky jobs as the latest impact on the people of Kentucky by the Obama Administration&rsquo;s radical environmental agenda. Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;I would like to highlight this Administration&rsquo;s environmental agenda at perhaps its most absurd. And at the heart of our story is a two-and-a-half-inch minnow&mdash;let me repeat, a two-and-a-half-inch minnow&mdash;called the duskytail darter.&rdquo;
&ldquo;The absurdity of the Obama Administration&rsquo;s posture on this issue is manifest&hellip;the radical environmentalists in the Obama Administration don&rsquo;t want this fish to be exposed to too much water. What&rsquo;s next? Protecting birds from too much sky?...the Administration took this action because raising the water could&mdash;not would,
could &mdash;potentially have an adverse effect on this poor little minnow. Of course, anything in the universe
could
have an effect on the minnow.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view Senator McConnell&rsquo;s speech where he talks about what he&rsquo;s hearing from those impacted by this decision.
Also this week,
Senators Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul and Congressmen Hal Rogers and Ed Whitfield contacted the federal agencies
and expressed their concern for the economic wellbeing of the Lake Cumberland area.
The members urged Lt. Col. John L. Hudson, Division Commanding General of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and the Honorable Daniel M. Ashe, Director of U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, &ldquo;to immediately collaborate&hellip;in a manner that would allow for restoring the higher water levels on which the local community relies. It is critical that Lake Cumberland be able to raise water levels adequate to support tourism prior to the peak season in 2014. It is well past time for the lake to return to its full capacity.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read Senator McConnell&rsquo;s letter to the editor of the
Herald-Leader
in Lexington:
&ldquo;McConnell: I choose to protect jobs over fish&rdquo;
The Senator writes,
&ldquo;I am pleased to be joined in my fight to protect jobs at Lake Cumberland by Sen. Rand Paul and Congressmen Hal Rogers and Ed Whitfield. From local businesses to government officials, most Kentuckians agree that endangered jobs &mdash; not a diminutive fish &mdash;must come first. Given this choice, I'll choose jobs for Kentuckians every time.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read the editorial by the
Daily News
in Bowling Green:
&ldquo;Tiny Fish Shouldn't Drown Out Tourism Revenues From Lake&rdquo;
The editorial board writes,
&ldquo;McConnell is correct. The corps needs to listen to him, his colleagues and the people of Kentucky. The people of that region whose very livelihood depends on Lake Cumberland are much more important than a perceived risk to a 2.5-inch minnow.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read a report from the
Commonwealth Journal
in Somerset:
&ldquo;McConnell Challenges Obama Over Duskytail Darter Wrangle&rdquo;
Kentucky&rsquo;s Adjutant General: McConnell &ldquo;Helped Protect 2,800 Kentucky Jobs&rdquo;
Last week, Senator McConnell joined Major General Edward W. Tonini, Kentucky&rsquo;s Adjutant General, in Lexington, Kentucky, for the opening ceremony of Bluegrass Station&rsquo;s new facility, the Kentucky National Guard Consequence Management Support Center. Senator McConnell is honored to have worked with General Tonini to advance our country&rsquo;s security goals, protect Kentucky jobs and bring economic development to the community.
Click the image below to hear what General Tonini had to say about Senator McConnell&rsquo;s work on the issue. Photo credit: Kentucky National Guard Public Affairs Office
At the event, General Tonini said, &ldquo;Senator McConnell is our go-to guy to make sense of senseless situations. Back in 2011, we realized that we needed help on the federal level&hellip;We contacted Senator McConnell. Senator McConnell worked with over half-a-dozen federal agencies who were involved in this extremely complicated agreement that not only helped protect 2,800 Kentucky jobs, whose economic impact is more than $234 million per year in central Kentucky, but helped aid our homeland defense and national security. I believe we&rsquo;re very fortunate to have Senator McConnell as our senior Senator&hellip;a steadfast advocate of our Guard.&rdquo;
McConnell Industrial Hemp Provision Signed Into Law
McConnell Secures Industrial Hemp Opportunities for Kentucky
On Tuesday, following the Senate passage of the Farm Bill conference report, Senator McConnell praised the inclusion of his industrial hemp provision on behalf of Kentucky. On Friday, the McConnell provision was signed into law.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;This is a huge victory for Kentucky agriculture and our economy. The measure I included in the Farm Bill conference report will give Commissioner James Comer the go ahead to cultivate industrial hemp for pilot programs. I have heard from many Kentuckians who see this as a first step to establishing a market for industrial hemp in Kentucky. By exploring innovative ways to use hemp to benefit a variety of Kentucky industries, yet consistent with my long-standing support for Kentucky law enforcement&rsquo;s aggressive efforts at marijuana interdiction, the pilot programs authorized by this legislation could help boost our state&rsquo;s economy and lead to future jobs."
Industrial hemp is distinguished from marijuana, as industrial hemp lacks the high quantities of the active ingredient THC found in the abuse-prone marijuana. A critical federal component was missing in order for Kentuckians to begin to grow and establish a market for industrial hemp. Senator Rand Paul first brought industrial hemp to Kentucky&rsquo;s attention and together with Commissioner Comer and Congressmen Massie and Barr they highlighted the importance of this issue. Senator McConnell crafted this language and now Kentucky will be allowed to take its first steps toward developing a market for industrial hemp.
McConnell Urges President to Join Republicans in Expanding Job Opportunities
Last week, the State Department released yet another report concluding what the President and everyone else already knew: that the Keystone XL Pipeline would meet the President&rsquo;s stated requirements on the environment; that there basically is no good reason not to build it.
If approved, the Keystone XL Pipeline&mdash;which runs from Alberta, Canada, down through the Midwestern U.S., and ends in the Gulf Coast&mdash;would create an abundance of construction jobs to help put America back to work and would reduce our dependence on sources of energy from unfriendly countries overseas. This is the biggest shovel-ready, private sector jobs project in America, and it sits on the President&rsquo;s desk. This pipeline project has bipartisan support from Republicans and Democrats in Congress, labor unions, and the Chamber of Commerce.
On Monday, Senator McConnell delivered remarks on the Senate floor calling on the President to expand job opportunities Americans need by approving the Keystone XL Pipeline and to urge his fellow congressional Democrats to support legislation that would enhance American exports.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;Well, here&rsquo;s what I say: use that pen and that phone of yours today for Keystone XL Pipeline jobs. Here&rsquo;s something both can parties agree on. Here&rsquo;s your chance to work with Republicans on a bipartisan plan to create thousands of private-sector jobs today.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
Obama Administration Efforts to use IRS to Limit 1st Amendment Rights
McConnell: &lsquo;The Obama Administration is now trying to legitimize the harassment after the fact &ndash; to enact regulations that would allow the IRS to bully and intimidate Americans who express their right to free speech.&rsquo;
This week, Senator McConnell continued to oppose the Obama Administration&rsquo;s new rules designed to limit free speech. The Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor regarding the Obama Administration&rsquo;s attempts to use the IRS to suppress American free speech.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
Senator McConnell first spoke about this issue in the summer of 2012 when he was receiving complaints from Kentucky civic groups about receiving tax exempt status. The IRS confessed that civic groups the Administration opposed &ndash; including those in Kentucky &ndash; were harassed and bullied.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell along with top Congressional Republicans urged the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Commissioner to withdraw these proposed rules which would muzzle administration critics, whether they are conservative or liberal.
&ldquo;It is our view that finalizing this proposed rule would make intimidation and harassment of the administration&rsquo;s political opponents the official policy of the IRS and would allow the Obama Administration to use your agency as a partisan tool.&rdquo;
McConnell meets with Kentuckians about Obamacare and the Obama Economy
On Friday, Senator McConnell traveled to southeastern Kentucky to visit with Kentuckians in McKee and London. Senator McConnell met with members of local Chambers of Commerce and employees at Jackson County Rural Electric Cooperative. They discussed the negative effects of the Obama Administration in regards to Kentucky&rsquo;s economy, the war on coal, and Obamacare.
Senator McConnell meets with Kentuckians at Jackson County Rural Electric Cooperative in McKee, Ky.
Senator McConnell meets with Kentuckians at the London-Laurel County Chamber of Commerce and the Southern Kentucky Chamber of Commerce event at the Air Methods Hangar in London, Ky.
Kentuckians Attend National Prayer Event in Washington, D.C.
A large contingent of Kentuckians traveled to Washington this week to attend the National Prayer Breakfast on Thursday. The event is hosted by members of Congress and is widely attended by people of all faiths and political ideologies from across America and around the world. The President attends in addition to members of Congress, the U.S. Cabinet, and the diplomatic corps.
Following the event, Senator McConnell welcomed the Kentucky group to his office to speak with them and invited them to tour the U.S. Capitol.
Kentuckians from Corbin, Danville, Lexington, Louisville, Wilmore, and Williamsburg met with Senator McConnell in his office in the U.S. Capitol.
Welcome to Washington
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell met with Sheila Bandy of Shepherdsville, and thanked her for her support for Kentuckians in uniform and for the Enlisted Association of The National Guard of the United States.
Sheila Bandy of Shepherdsville and Senator McConnell in the U.S. Capitol
Also on Tuesday, Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting with members from Kentucky chapters of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.
This week, Senator McConnell met with members of the Kentucky School Boards Association to discuss education issues across the Commonwealth.
Throughout the week, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol, a number of representatives from colleges, universities, and associations from across the Commonwealth.
Senator McConnell and University of Pikeville President James Hurley President of Berea College, Lyle Roelofs, and Senator McConnell
President Joe Stepp of Alice Lloyd College in Pippa Passes, Ky. and Senator McConnell
Senator McConnell and Dr. Marcia Hawkins, President of Union College in Barbourville, Ky. President James Taylor of the University of the Cumberlands in Williamsburg, Ky. and Senator McConnell
Senator McConnell and Dr. William Drake, Jr., Senior Vice President of Mid-Continent University in Mayfield, Ky. Dr. Gary Cox, President of the Association of Independent Kentucky Colleges and Universities (AIKCU) in Frankfort, Ky. Senator McConnell and Bob Johnston, Vice President of AIKCU in Frankfort, Ky.
In the Media
On Friday, Senator McConnell joined Erika Glover with WYMT-TV during his visit to McKee, Kentucky. They talked about the President's war on coal and the Obama economy.
This week, Senator McConnell joined national radio hosts Hugh Hewitt and Tim Constantine to discuss Obamacare, the economy, and the Obama Administration&rsquo;s proposed new IRS rule that would continue the agency&rsquo;s targeting of First Amendment rights.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation's capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
