
(Click to watch)
WASHINGTON - Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) issued the following statement after introducing the Defending Against Aquatic Invasive Species Act of 2014, authorizing swift, preventative action to stop Asian carp from invading the Great Lakes:
"Over 100 years ago the Great Lakes and Mississippi River watersheds were connected to assist the city of Chicago in dealing with their sewage problems.
That should never have been allowed to happen and certainly would never be allowed today.
The connection of these two watersheds creates many problems including the diversion of large amounts of Great Lakes water out of the Great Lakes basin and providing a route for invasive species like the Asian Carp to enter the Great Lakes.
This must end.
"The Asian carp threat is particularly troubling.
Over the last number of years these invaders have been migrating up the Mississippi River, destroying ecosystems along the entire route, and defying numerous actions taken to stop their advance.
Now, this invasive species threatens our precious Great Lakes - and if they are allowed to take hold they would cause untold economic harm and change our very way of life along the shores of the Great Lakes.
"Completely separating the watersheds, an option presented by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers earlier this year, was identified by an independent study to be the most foolproof method of preventing these destructive invaders from entering our Great Lakes.
Unfortunately, the Corps indicated that they did not have the legal authority to build such a barrier.
"Today, I introduced legislation that would give the Corps the authorization to design and construct a barrier that would completely separate the Mississippi River watershed from Lake Michigan and the Great Lakes basin because I believe total separation is the only way to make sure that Asian carp do not enter the Great Lakes. This project will require the buy in of stakeholders from across the country and significant resources, but we must have the political will to protect our magnificent Great Lakes.
"I've lived on the Great Lakes my entire life and understand the dire need to protect and preserve them now and for generations to come, which is why I hope my colleagues join me in this important effort. The future of the Great Lakes should not be held hostage to a century old mistake and the time to act is now."
Background:
Since the 1970s, we've been working to stop Asian carp migrating up the Mississippi River watershed from invading and destroying ecosystems.
Earlier this year, the Army Corps released a report
to Congress outlining eight options to prevent the invasive species from entering the Great Lakes.
Last week, a study
conducted by the University of Notre Dame, the U.S. Forest Service and Resources for the Future identified the complete separation of the two watersheds as the most likely option to succeed.
According to the study, a complete physical separation would prevent 95-100 percent of Asian carp from entering Lake Michigan.
The Defending Against Aquatic Invasive Species Act of 2014 authorizes the Secretary of the Army to completely separate the hydrologic connection between the Mississippi River and Lake Michigan, preventing the invasive species from invading the Great Lakes. If enacted, the legislation would require the Secretary to start designing the project within 180 days in consultation with important stakeholders including the governors of the surrounding states and the Great Lakes Commission. Once completed, the Secretary would have another 180 days to start construction.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller Introduces Legislation to Prevent Asian Carp from Invading Great Lakes
(Click
to watch)
WASHINGTON &#8211; Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) issued the following statement after introducing
the Defending Against Aquatic Invasive Species Act of 2014, authorizing swift, preventative action to stop Asian carp from invading the Great Lakes:
&#8220;Over 100 years ago the Great Lakes and Mississippi River watersheds were connected to assist the city of Chicago in dealing with their sewage
problems.
That should never have been allowed to happen and certainly would never be allowed today.
The connection of these two watersheds creates many problems including the diversion of large amounts of Great Lakes water out of the Great Lakes basin and
providing a route for invasive species like the Asian Carp to enter the Great Lakes.
This must end.
&#8220;The Asian carp threat is particularly troubling.
Over the last number of years these invaders have been migrating up the Mississippi River,
destroying ecosystems along the entire route, and defying numerous actions taken to stop their advance.
Now, this invasive species threatens our precious Great Lakes &#8211; and if they are allowed to take hold they would cause untold economic harm and change our
very way of life along the shores of the Great Lakes.
&#8220;Completely separating the watersheds, an option presented by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers earlier this year, was identified by an independent
study to be the most foolproof method of preventing these destructive invaders from entering our Great Lakes.
Unfortunately, the Corps indicated that they did not have the legal authority to build such a barrier.
&#8220;Today, I introduced legislation that would give the Corps the authorization to design and construct a barrier that would completely separate
the Mississippi River watershed from Lake Michigan and the Great Lakes basin because I believe total separation is the only way to make sure that Asian carp do not enter the Great Lakes. This project will require the buy in of stakeholders from across the
country and significant resources, but we must have the political will to protect our magnificent Great Lakes.
&#8220;I&#8217;ve lived on the Great Lakes my entire life and understand the dire need to protect and preserve them now and for generations to come, which
is why I hope my colleagues join me in this important effort. The future of the Great Lakes should not be held hostage to a century old mistake and the time to act is now.&#8221;
Background :
Since the 1970s, we&#8217;ve been working to stop Asian carp migrating up the Mississippi River watershed from invading and destroying ecosystems.
Earlier this year, the Army Corps released a
report
to Congress outlining eight options to prevent the invasive species from entering the Great Lakes.
Last week, a
study
conducted by the University of Notre Dame, the U.S. Forest Service and Resources for the Future identified the complete separation of the two watersheds as the
most likely option to succeed.
According to the study, a complete physical separation would prevent 95-100 percent of Asian carp from entering Lake Michigan.
The Defending Against Aquatic Invasive Species Act of 2014 authorizes the Secretary of the Army to completely
separate the hydrologic connection between the Mississippi River and Lake Michigan, preventing the invasive species from invading the Great Lakes. If enacted, the legislation would require the Secretary to start designing the project within 180 days in consultation
with important stakeholders including the governors of the surrounding states and the Great Lakes Commission. Once completed, the Secretary would have another 180 days to start construction.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
