 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
January 19, 2014
Dear Friend,
The president came to North
Carolina this week to talk about jobs,
and the state of our
nations economy. As I mentioned in my interview with WRAL this past week, I
was taken-aback by the presidents implication that he was
responsible for the great things taking place in our stateespecially
considering that our states government is entirely Republican-controlled. The
true credit for North Carolina's improving economic condition should be
accredited to Governor McCrory and the Republican-led General
Assemblynot the president and his administration.
Additionally, the
president and Senate continue to hinder our nations chances for true
economic recovery, as they refuse to act on dozens of House-passed
jobs bills. According to
the most
recent Labor Department report , while 74,000 Americans found jobs in
December,
nearly 347,000 left the labor force that same month.
With 91.27 million Americans currently out of the workforce, our
country deserves more than just talk and an occasional public appearance
by our president. Please take my survey at the end of this
newsletter, so I can hear your thoughts on the jobs bills currently stalled in
the Senate.
My time back in D.C. has been both busy and
productive. In an Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee hearing this
week, I questioned HHS official Gary Cohen about misleading Obamacare
numbers the administration continues to cite. Video from that exchange is
linked below .
This week, I also had
the opportunity to vote for H.R. 3362, the Exchange Information
Disclosure Act, which requires HHS to provide the American people and Congress
with weekly reports on the status of HealthCare.gov. This piece of
legislation will allow Congress to hold the Obama Administration
accountable for any new failures in the proposed timeline of Healthcare.gov.
More information about this bill is provided below.
Tomorrow,
we all will celebrate the life of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and
his work to advance the cause of civil rights. His accomplishments
remind us of the real difference we can make in our communities, and I hope
you will join me in recognizing this brave man for the role he played
in changing our nations history.
I am incredibly grateful
for the opportunity to serve you.
On my
website , you will find many of the services my office provides to
constituents of the Second District. Please contact my office if
there is any way we can assist you.
President
Obama Comes to NC
I released the following statement following
President Obama's visit to N.C. State University this
week:
"This afternoon, President Obama travelled to North Carolina to
announce new investments in energy research and technology. While I
support this partnership with the private sector, I'm dismayed by his
implication that he is responsible for the positive economic trends
currently taking place in North Carolina."
"Over the past
year, North Carolina has seen its unemployment rate drop over two
points from 9.5 percent to 7.4 percent after declining to extend federal
unemployment benefits for nearly 70,000 people in July. In the three
months following this decision, civilian employment in our state rose by
39,400. This was no accident. Governor Pat McCrory and the
Republican-led General Assembly have instituted important economic reforms that
have led to the successes President Obama is trying to take credit
for."
"Throughout the president's speech today, there
was little discussion of the attacks that continue to be waged on small
businesses and millions of North Carolinians due to the president's
health care law. Back in September, we discovered that health insurance
rates are expected to triple for women and quadruple for men in North
Carolina once this law goes into effect. Then a week later, we were
informed that virtual monopolies were being created in North Carolina
to sell this poison pill to our people. We were promised lower costs
and more competition. Yet Obamacare is doing the exact
opposite."
"Meanwhile, my office continues to hear stories from
families across North Carolina, telling us that their health insurance
plans are being cancelled and their premiums are going through the roof.
In North Carolina alone, nearly 473,000 people have been impacted by
cancellation notices on health insurance plans they were promised they
could keep. I will continue to work tirelessly to repeal this law
before it can inflict any more damage on our economy and the American
people."
After the presidents speech, I had the opportunity
to talk to David Crabtree on WRAL.
Click here
or
on the image below to see the interview.
Click here
to listen to my
interview with Bill LuMaye about the president's visit, jobs and
Obamacare.
Looking for Obamacare Answers
The Obama
administration recently earned three "Pinocchios" from the
Washington Post Fact Checker in reference to claims they've made
on Obamacare enrollment numbers. In an Energy &amp; Commerce Oversight
and Investigations Subcommittee hearing this week, I questioned HHS
official Gary Cohen about the misleading Obamacare figures being cited
in the media.
Click here
or on the image
below for video of the exchange.
The Exchange Information Disclosure
Act
As I mentioned earlier in this newsletter, H.R. 3362, the
Exchange Information Disclosure Act, passed in the House on Thursday with
bipartisan support.
The bill promotes transparency in the
Obamacare enrollment process by requiring HHS to provide the American people
and Congress with weekly reports on the status of HealthCare.gov.The
following information is from the
Energy &amp;
Commerce Exchange Information and Disclosure Act fact
sheet :
To ensure transparency regarding enrollment in Obamacare, H.R.
3362, the Exchange Information Disclosure Act, requires the Secretary
of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to provide the
American people and Congress weekly reports on the status of
HealthCare.gov.
These reports will provide
key metrics regarding HealthCare.gov, including unique website visits,
accounts created, qualified health plan selection, and Medicaid
enrollment. This information is important for numerous reasons: it will
allow policymakers and the public to assess the laws progress, it will
allow state insurance commissioners to better understand and predict
future enrollment trends and prices, and it will hold the administration
accountable, rather than allowing information to be released
piecemeal, on a delayed basis, or not at all.
The
amended bill also would require HHS to provide data on the number of
Americans who have
fully enrolled in an exchange
plan
by paying their first months premium, as well as the age of
exchange enrollees.
Click here
for
additional information.
In the News
Ellmers Blasts Obama on Economy, Health
Care
CBS 5 WRAL
Republican 2nd District Congresswoman
says she is "dismayed" by President Barack Obama's remarks while
announcing an economic initiative at N.C. State University, saying the
president is wrongly claiming credit for North Carolina's improving
economy.
Obama focuses on economy in NC
State speech, vows 'year of action' on jobs
Raleigh
News &amp; Observer
U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers, a Dunn
Republican who didnt attend the speech, said Obama doesnt deserve credit for
North Carolinas improving economy, saying that belongs to McCrory
and GOP legislative leaders. I find it ironic that he would come to
North Carolina when things are on the upswing
and position himself to
take some credit for it when the work is being done by the state
itself, she said by telephone from Washington.
Hagan Not Only Democrat Skipping Obama
Visit
Carolina Journal
Rep. Renee Ellmers, R-2nd District,
took note of the presidents remarks. While I support [the consortium],
I'm dismayed by [Obamas] implication that he is responsible for the
positive economic trends currently taking place in North Carolina,"
Ellmers said in a statementThis was no accident.
McCrory and the
Republican-led General Assembly have instituted important economic reforms
that have led to the successes President Obama is trying to take
credit for," she said.
Rep. Renee
Ellmers on President Obama's Speech
The Bill LuMaye
Show - WPTF
Congresswoman Renee Ellmers talks with Bill about
President Obama's speech this afternoon at NC State.
For mentally ill, some long-awaited glimmers of
hope
Op-Ed - Charlotte Observer
On the
national level, U.S. Rep. Tim Murphy, R-Pa., has introduced the Helping
Families in Mental Health Crises Act. The bill, co-sponsored by
Republican U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers of North Carolina, stands in sharp
contrast with the White Houses response to mental health failures.
Murphys bill focuses federal attention on severe mental illnesses, not
mental health in general. It facilitates treatment by clearing a snarl of
federal regulations that prevent a prompt and effective clinical
response. For example, the bill would make it easier for providers to make
psychiatric inpatient beds available in
hospitals.
Celebrating Martin Luther King, Jr. Day
Let Me Know What You Think! Do you AGREE or DISAGREE
with the following?
The Senate should VOTE NOW on the House-passed jobs
bills that are sitting on Senator Harry Reid's desk. AGREE DISAGREE NOT SURE *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
On Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the "Like" button
on my Facebook page
today!
On Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation on Twitter.
On YouTube
Please subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you
won't miss great video from the Washington and the Second
District.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax:
(202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad
Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro,
NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
