
January 20, 2014
Share this email:
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 1.20.14
Monday, January 20, 2014
Pushing for Answers and Transparency
A recently-released report on Obamacare enrollment numbers shows that less than a quarter of those who have signed up for health care plans during the first few months are the young, relatively healthy adults the Administration is relying on to sign up and keep premiums in check.
This is far less than the Administrations target of around 40 percent.
According to Department of Health and Human Services figures, more than half of those that did sign up are between the ages of 45 and 65.
Folks in this age range tend to be more expensive to cover.
As noted by the publication
Politico , The data released by the Administration does not specify how many of the enrollees were previously insured, how many people have sought exemptions from the coverage mandate and the number of people who have actually paid their first premium.
That is all important information that the Administration ought to share.
The Administration official in charge of the exchanges
Gary Cohen, Director of the Center for Consumer Information and Insurance Oversight
testified before the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations this week as we continue working to get information from the Administration on the implementation of Obamacare.
Of course, he and other supporters of the law are quick to point out instances in which people have benefited from Obamacare.
However, they are hesitant to acknowledge the existence of losers
those who now have lesser health care for a higher cost.
Mr. Cohen told Representative Marsha Blackburn (R-TN), Many Americans are able to attain better coverage at a lower cost.
I asked Mr. Cohen, You would have to acknowledge under oath that many Americans have lesser coverage [under the Affordable Care Act] at a greater cost.
Isn't that true?
I also shared a story of a resident of the Ninth District whose premium is going to triple and whose deductible is doubling.
Mr. Cohen at first refused to acknowledge that there are losers under Obamacare, but eventually said, I'm sure there is anybody in the United States in that circumstance, yes.
He went on to say that its complicated, as he didnt have all the information on the options available to those losing out.
Congressman Corey Gardner (R-CO) asked Mr. Cohen, How many of those who signed up in exchanges were not previously insured?
How many were previously insured but had their insurance cancelled and now signed up through the federal exchange?
How many saw their insurance rates go up?
Mr. Cohen did not have answers for these questions.
The Administration says they have the information when it comes to declaring that there are winners under Obamacare, but that it is complicated to get to whether there are losers.
There are some people who benefit from Obamacare, but I believe far more will lose, and will pay more money for less insurance.
To echo Representative Gardner, without all of this important information, how do we know if or how the law is working?
Rest assured we will continue pushing for transparency, and for the answers to these questions and many others.
Economic Freedom
The
Wall Street Journal
and the Heritage Foundation research think tank recently released their 2014 Index of Economic Freedom, which measures countries fiscal soundness, government size, and more, and ranks nations by their degree of economic freedom
defined as the fundamental right of every human to control his or her own labor and property.
The United States is no longer among the top 10 most economically free countries.
In case youre thinking the countries ranked above us in economic freedom are emerging countries or those lacking regulations, just look at some of the countries we are behind.
We trail countries like Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Ireland, and Denmark.
As Mr. Terry Miller, director of the Center for International Trade and Economics at the Heritage Foundation, wrote in the
Wall Street Journal , The record of increasing economic freedom elsewhere makes it inexcusable that a country like the U.S. continues to pursue policies antithetical to its own growth, while wielding its influence to encourage other countries to chart the same disastrous course.
The 2014 Index of Economic Freedom documents a world-wide race to enhance economic opportunity through greater freedomand this year's index demonstrates that the U.S. needs a drastic change in direction.
I agree.
As always, if you have concerns or comments or wish to inquire about legislative issues, feel free to contact my offices.
You can call my Abingdon office at 276-525-1405 or my Christiansburg office at 540-381-5671.
To reach my office via email, please visit my website at www.morgangriffith.house.gov.
###
Washington, DC Office
1108 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-3861
F (202) 226-0076
Abingdon Office
323 West Main St.
Abingdon, VA 24210
T (276) 525-1405
F (276) 525-1444
Christiansburg Office
17 West Main St.
Christiansburg, VA 24073
T (540) 381-5671
F (540) 381-5675
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here