DOCTYPE html
February 9, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Obamacare's Troubles Continue
Another week down and more bad headlines from the President's healthcare law.
This week brought news that there will be over 2 million fewer jobs in America due to the Affordable Care Act.
This analysis from the Congressional Budget Office, which you can read more about
here , is a nearly two-fold increase over the previous estimates of 800,000 fewer jobs.
With our wages still lagging and millions of Americans out of work, these numbers provide a sobering look at how truly devastating Obamacare has been to the American economy.
Unfortunately, Obamacare's problems aren't limited to hindering job growth.
There are growing concerns that the American taxpayers could be stuck bailing out insurance companies thanks to the ACA.
This issue arises from risk corridors in the law that force the government to pay insurers if their costs from Obamacare are higher than expected.
Issues with the exchange website and high premiums have slowed enrollments and led to fears that Americans could be stuck footing the bill for yet another bailout.
This week the Oversight and Government Reform Committee held a hearing on the subject.
By clicking the image below you can see my line of questions from the hearing:
O&amp;I Subcommittee Highlights Waste at OFR
On Wednesday, my Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee held a hearing to receive the annual report of the Office of Financial Research.
The OFR was created by Dodd-Frank to find risks in our financial system that could cause another crisis.
However, there work has been widely criticized as misinformed and insufficient as is outlined in this
Reuters article .
Critiques of OFR's work have come from groups across the ideological spectrum including Better Markets, the SEC, and former IMF Chief Economist Simon Johnson.
This week the O&amp;I Subcommittee heard testimony from OFR Director Richard Berner about why the American taxpayers should continue to fund this agency's inferior work.
By clicking the image below you can see video of my opening statement from the hearing.
Further information on the hearing from
Bloomberg
and the
Committee's website .
Questions Remain About the Volcker Rule
Earlier Wednesday, the Financial Services Committee continued its examination of the newly promulgated Volcker Rule.
Many questions remain about the enforcement and economic cost of this rule.
All five regulators tasked with drafting the rule were in attendance for the
hearing
which provided me the opportunity to ask why no cost-benefit-analysis was performed on this rule considering its wide-reaching impact on our economy.
By clicking the image below you can see video of my questions:
What I Have Been Reading
Where Does Crowdfunding Go From Here? Experts Explain
Forbes
One of the reasons I was drawn to crowdfunding was because of its ability to democratize finance and provide capital to entrepreneurs who previously would have struggled to access it.
Going forward, I believe there is tremendous potential for crowdfunding to benefit previously ignored groups like women and minorities.
I shared these thoughts and others for the piece above on what to expect from crowdfunding in 2014.
10 Most Influential People in Social Media for Crowdfunding
CrowdfundingX.com
I was honored to be included on this list of the top 10 people in crowdfunding to follow on social media.
I frequently share informative, crowdfunding-related news articles and interviews on both my
Twitter
and
Facebook
pages and I greatly appreciate the recognition from CrowdfundingX.
President Reagan on Small Business
YouTube
This past Thursday, February 6th, would have been President Ronald Reagan's 103rd Birthday.
President Reagan is one of my political heroes and it was his push for limited government and support of small businesses that drove my interest in politics.
In honor of the Great Communicator's birthday, I wanted to share this video of President Reagan talking about the power of small business and entrepreneurship.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here