
January 28, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
A Year of More Executive Overreach
In Tonight's Kline's Corner
Response to the State of the Union
I Want To Hear What Matters to You
Continue the Conversation on Facebook
Response to the State of the Union
Dear Friends,
The President discussed a number of critical challenges that need to be addressed, such as strengthening job training assistance, supporting small businesses, fixing a broken education system, and putting more Americans back to work. The U.S. House of Representatives has advanced commonsense, responsible solutions to these and other national priorities. We need willing partners in the White House and Senate who will work with us in good faith to find common ground and move our country forward.
America's families should no longer bear the burden of failed policies and a weak economy. Wages are stagnant, unemployment is too high, college costs are skyrocketing, and health care premiums continue to go up. But instead of changing course, the President wants to change the subject. No executive order or unilateral action will help working families if it simply perpetuates the same flawed agenda and failed status quo.
Executive fiats cannot ensure students have access to a quality education or help job-seekers learn the skills they need to succeed in todays workforce. The President has rightly called for a year of action
but it must be a year of bipartisan action. No one party has all the answers. The Minnesotans I represent expect us to work together on their behalf. Thats what I will continue to do, and I urge the President to join me.
I Want to Hear What Matters To You
I am fighting every day to get Congress focused on what matters and produce the results Minnesotans deserve. To help me best represent you, please
click here to complete a brief survey . Your response will help me convey to Congress what Minnesotans demand from Washington.
Continue the Conversation on Facebook
In an effort to continue to better serve you, I have recently joined Facebook to share with you what I am doing around the 2nd district and in Washington, and provide another platform for you to share your thoughts. Please
click here
to "like" and follow my Facebook page. Also, don't forget to
follow me on Twitter
if you aren't doing so already.
Best wishes,
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
John Kline Statement
John Kline issued the following statement today after supporting bipartisan legislation today that passed the U.S. House of Representatives. The Exchange Information Disclosure Act (H.R. 3362) would require the Dept. of Health and Human Services to submit to Congress, and the American people, weekly reports describing consumer interactions with healthcare.gov or any website established by the federal government for enrollment in ObamaCare:
The problems Minnesotans are experiencing with ObamaCare are overwhelming, yet the President continues to disregard these issues, downplay ObamaCares woeful enrollment numbers, and dodge defining meaningful deadlines."
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here