
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Dear Friends,
It&rsquo;s been a busy winter here in New England and in Washington. From the First Congressional District to the U.S. House of Representatives, I am privileged to continue my fight for Connecticut in 2014. Check out the links below for more information on my latest efforts:
In East Hartford I joined Goodwin College and Pratt &amp; Whitney to recognize the first eight graduates of their
new manufacturing training program
(pictured above, left). I was also pleased to celebrate
Pratt &amp; Whitney&rsquo;s recent grant
to the program in order to continue strengthening Connecticut&rsquo;s workforce pipeline. In his State of the Union address, the President asked the nation to refocus on training tomorrow&rsquo;s workforce. That&rsquo;s what is being done at Goodwin College.
At Bristol City Hall I led a
community forum
(pictured above, right) for residents to ask questions and hear an update on initiatives in Congress. Topics discussed included job creation, Medicare, Social Security, the economy and more.
During a visit to the
Bristol Senior Center
(pictured above, left) I joined Mayor Ken Cockayne in announcing a
new collaborative partnership
in order to preserve a direct link to Social Security Services.
In Manchester I hosted a
Congress on Your Corner
at the Parkade Health Shoppe (pictured above, right). I was pleased to hear from members of the community and look forward to sharing their comments in Washington.
At a recent Ways &amp; Means Committee meeting, I
spoke on the need to empower everyday Americans in our elections . I was proud to
cosponsor the Government by the People Act
and look forward to continuing my efforts to ensure your voice is heard.
This winter,
I applauded the Treasury and IRS&rsquo;s decision
not to count the volunteer hours of volunteer firefighters and EMS personnel when determining an employer&rsquo;s full-time employees under the Affordable Care Act following
my letter
to IRS Commissioner Koskinen. This decision will help ensure our volunteer first responders and their departments have the resources they need. I also continued my work to provide a tax break to our volunteer first responders, introducing both the
Volunteer Responder Incentive Protection Reauthorization Act
and a
separate measure
to accomplish that goal.
Have a question or comment for me? Feel free to
reach out online
or by calling my office at 860-278-8888.
Sincerely,
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington Office
1501 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2265
Hartford District Office
221 Main Street, 2nd Floor
Hartford, CT 06106
Phone: 860-278-8888
This mailing was prepared, published, and mailed at taxpayer expense.
