
The Rigell Report: Our Nation's Debt
Dear Friend,
Our nations escalating debt is a serious matter that merits our full attention. President Jefferson issued a stern warning to Americans about the dangers of excessive debt, stating To preserve our independence, we must not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt.
Last week the House of Representatives voted to increase the nations debt limit. I voted against this debt ceiling hike, and I want to share with you the principles and facts which led to my vote.
The debt limit is an important financial marker for our country, and it elevates the need to reform mandatory spending. The Administration and Congress have failed to make meaningful progress on this issue, and as result, our debt exceeds $17.2 trillion and continues to rise.
The amount we pay in interest every year will increase by almost four times over the next decade. To put that into perspective, we will spend about $590 billion on national defense in 2014. In 2023, well have to spend an estimated $857 billion just in interest on our national debt.
Since Republicans took control of the House in 2010, discretionary spending has gone down. But wisely reducing mandatory spending requires compromise from both Houses of Congress and the President.
Given this sober assessment of our nations finances, President Obama and my Democratic colleagues in the House and Senate should have negotiated with House Republicans to raise the debt ceiling while addressing the factors that led us to this place.
That said, I sharply disagree with my colleagues who minimize the consequences of failing to responsibly increase the debt limit. As a businessman, I fully understand the importance of maintaining our nations credit rating. I am convinced that a default of any amount, for any period of time, would cause major and perhaps catastrophic harm to our nations economy and financial situation. Credit ratings would drop, and interest rates would rise. Why is this so important? In a House Budget Committee hearing that I participated in last week, the Director of the Congressional Budget Office stated that a 1% increase in interest rates would cost taxpayers an additional $1.5 trillion in interest payments over the next 10 years.
The Treasury Department estimates it still has two weeks of liquidity which is enough time to craft legislation that pays our bills and responsibly addresses the factors that are driving our annual deficits. That is why I disagreed with the decision to pass a clean debt ceiling hike and adjourn last week.
Even if our efforts had not been successful and a clean debt limit hike was the only alternative to ensure our nations critically important credit rating, the American people would have seen the clear contrast between those who believe reforms can be delayed with those who join me in calling for Congress and the President to take action now. There is value in the fight!
Mindful that I work for you, I remain
Yours in Freedom,
Scott Rigell
Your Congressman in the News
Scott gave 8th graders at Great Neck Middle School a cool civics lesson last week
he divided the group of students into groups representing different parts of our government and made them negotiate on an issue.
Harder than it sounds to get a group of kids to agree on something
imagine a group of lawmakers and politicians!
You Should Go...
SHOPPING and DINING!
According to an NBC report, winter storms that have walloped large swaths of the country since December have taken a $15 billion bite out of U.S. businesses so far, according to one estimate, and the season has weeks still to go.
Much of this business will be lost for good.
This Presidents Day weekend, head out to your local retailers and support our communitys restaurants and small businesses.
Read more about the impact of Freeze-o-nomics
here .
Quoteworthy:
Then-Senator Obama also voted against a debt ceiling increase in 2006, saying this:
"Increasing Americas debt weakens us domestically and internationally.
Leadership means that the buck stops here.
Instead, Washington is shifting the burden of bad choices today onto the backs of our children and grandchildren.
America has a debt problem and a failure of leadership.
Americans deserve better. ( Source )
Helpful Resources
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
Find out what happened on the House floor today
Find out what's coming up in the House of Representatives
Learn about the legislative process
2014 House Legislative Calendar (113th Congress, Second Session)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here