
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
A few days ago, Intrust Arena was full of proud Kansans cheering on a grand tradition:
A naturalization ceremony in which immigrants who came to this country, worked hard, and played by the rules, took an oath and became American citizens.
My office was there distributing 3,000 pocket constitutions alongside the Wichita Rotary Club.
These lawful immigrants to America recently participated in a great American tradition
(Image courtesy of the Wichita Eagle)
It was a reminder of what were building toward in a successful immigration system:
One in which following a legal path towards entering the country and becoming a citizen is simple and transparent.
Many in Congress are pushing for a new reform effort, and while I agree we must fix our broken immigration system, the principles put forward by the House will not be easily accepted by the White House.
What I know is this:
unending open borders have resulted in the very mess that now has over 10 million people living in the United States illegally today.
Failing to secure our borders and take the rule of law seriously is not the way forward.
Getting our immigration laws to reflect American values will take some time given how little room there is for agreement and how little this President has desired to work with Congress.
I am skeptical we can make meaningful progress towards reform in the months ahead.
In the meantime, I am so proud of all those who made the choice to become Americans, and especially those who did so in Kansas.
Were blessed to have them join us in our love of this great country.
Our Military Is Less Safe Because of Snowden Revelations
Since revelations of Edward Snowdens theft of important national security documents, I have worked to meet with national security leaders and intelligence warriors in our government to get up to speed on what we lost.
And I will tell you:
Its devastating.
I spoke with senior intelligence officials to learn more about the threat from radical Islamic terrorists.
Click to watch .
While the media may have only covered the NSA portion of the documents, which served as the basis for Snowdens claim that he was merely a whistleblower, those materials represented a tiny fraction of the documents he stole.
Approximately 90 percent of the information hijacked by Snowden included tactical and operational secrets that will put your active duty military friends and family at risk.
Those materials having nothing to do with Americans privacyonly their safety.
And I say approximately because we dont yet still know the full extent of the damage.
Our young servicemen and women are less safe in their outposts around the world as a direct result of the actions of Snowden.
It is equally safe to say that our militarys ability to protect the nation against an attack or to project force in the world has been severely compromised and even now we are working to regain our footing.
It will take time and it will not be very expensive to recover from the actions of Snowden.
We may be feeling this national security disaster for years to come.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here