DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend-
I wanted to share an exciting opportunity for high school students in Virginias 4 th
Congressional District.
This year will mark the first annual Congressional Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Competition, which was established by Congress in 2013.
Similar to the Congressional Art Competition, the STEM competition challenges high school students in each Congressional district, tasking them with a specific project and objective in a related STEM field.
The 2014 competition will be in the field of Computer Science.
Participating students will develop an app on a platform of their choice (iPhone, Android, Linux, etc.).
All completed applications will be submitted via video presentation, to be reviewed by a panel of judges based on certain criteria.
The competition is open to all students who are at least 13 years of age (as of February 1, 2014) and are eligible to enroll in a high school located in Virginias Fourth Congressional District.
If students attend school outside of their home congressional district, they may compete in either their home district or their school district. Participants may compete individually or in teams of up to 4 students.
Timeline :
February 1 st
Contest opens (Students able to submit apps)
April 30 th
Contest closes
(Deadline for entry submissions)
May 30 th
Competition winner(s) selected and notified
Contest Registration and Guidelines
During the Competition Submission Period, participating students must create an account on
www.challengepost.com
and register for the House Student App Contest.
In providing a complete submission, each contestant (or one representative from a team) will be required to provide a link to the Application Demonstration Video, the Developer Video, and an entry form.
After the submission period has ended, the submission cannot be modified in any way before the completion of judging.
More information pertaining to online requirements and compatibility can be obtained at
www.challengepost.com .
To enter, the student must create an account on
www.challengepost.com
and then register for the House Student App Contest under their participating Member of Congress profile, during the Competition Submission Period. All entries must be an original in concept, design and execution.
Register for the House Student App Challenge
For more information or if you have questions, please visit my website:
http://forbes.house.gov/pages/stem-competition.htm
Yours in service,
Randy
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here