
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
February 02, 2014
Dear
Friends,
The President spent his
week highlighting his plan for a year of action. No surprise, his plan
leads to bigger government, more spending and job killing debt. He
even highlighted his path to disregard the Constitution and circumvent
congressional action to force his agenda through executive orders. The
President may not take his oath to the Constitution seriously or
realize that the path to a strong economy is not through more government,
but I do.
The President thinks a government program is the
answer to the continued record high levels of poverty. Earlier this
week, in a House Budget committee hearing, my colleagues and I
emphasized that this simply is not so. Our country was founded on the
principle that no matter where you are from, if you work hard, you can
succeed. A government program does not achieve this founding principle, and
it does not provide a path to independence and success. It is time that
we get to the root of the issue. The best way to ensure that
hardworking North Mississippians are able to provide for themselves and their
families is to have a robust economy.
As we remain
cognizant of taxpayer dollars spent on Federal welfare programs, we remain
vigilant of taxpayer dollars being used for Obamacare. While the
President celebrated the 41st anniversary of Roe v. Wade, my colleagues and
I memorialized the 56 million children whose lives have been
sacrificed due to that decision. As your Representative, I am a proud defender
of life. I acknowledge that there is wide disagreement on this subject
throughout our nation and throughout Congress, but surely we can
agree that there should be no taxpayer dollars used to fund abortion
procedures. There should be no taxpayer forced to pay for healthcare
through Obamacare that funds abortion. That is why I am a proud cosponsor of
H.R. 7, the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act which passed the
House earlier this week.
As we stand up for Life, we must
also stand up to this Administration as they continue to unsuccessfully
attempt to chip away at our First Amendment right to freedom of
religion. In our own backyard, a Camp Shelby briefing included the American
Family Association and the Family Research Council as a domestic hate
group. The militarys response has repeatedly been that these are
isolated incidents that will not happen again, but they keep happening. On
Wednesday, during an Armed Services hearing, I asked about the
purpose of the briefings, who thought they were a good idea, and what has
been done to those who made the decision to have them. Unacceptably, I
was told that the information was unavailable. I have asked the
Committee to hold future hearings because we must get to the bottom of this
and find out who is ultimately responsible.
While the
President may not understand that actions speak louder than words, I do. I
have and will continue to spend my time in Washington upholding the
Constitution and ensuring that the values and expectations of the
people of the First District of Mississippi are being
represented.
Stay in touch and God
bless,
01.28.14 visiting
Toyota at the D.C. Auto
Show
click photo above to view full floor speech in support of H.R.
7
click photo
above to view my remarks during the Armed Services Committee
hearing
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
