
Friday February 14, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Fighting for Our Small Businesses
Rep. Murphy visited
Viesel Fuel Biodiesel in Stuart as part of his "Congress At Your Company" initiative
to find ways to spur job growth in the local economy.
Supporting Small Manufacturers
Last week, with both Democrat and Republican colleagues, I introduced the Small Business Investment Act to help small businesses grow and generate new jobs.
One of the key policy tools available to Congress to help small businesses afford equipment upgrades and continue to grow is the accelerated depreciation deduction, which allows small businesses to deduct from their taxable income a significant but changing percent of their capital investments. Last month, the accelerated depreciation deduction was reduced from a maximum deduction of $500,000 to only $25,000. This bill would restore the maximum deduction at $500,000 through 2015.
By extending this important deduction, small business will be able to remain at the forefront of their industries by investing in new technologies and infrastructure while our nation continues to recover from the recession.
Small businesses create two out of every three new jobs, but they also are most vulnerable to downturns in a fragile economy. Congress should pass this important bill and focus on creating a pro-growth environment where small businesses can thrive and generate more jobs for a faster recovery.
National Prayer Breakfast
Rep. Murphy was joined by State Rep. Lee and
County Commissioner Johnson at the National
Prayer Breakfast.
Last week, I was honored to be joined by Florida State Representative Larry Lee (D-Port St. Lucie) and St. Lucie County Commissioner Kim Johnson at the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington, D.C.
The commitment of these two leaders to serving our community is truly inspirational, and I am proud to work alongside them serving the residents of the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches.
The message at the prayer breakfast was also very inspiring and should serve as a reminder that we must unite and work together to solve the challenges facing our nation.
Click here
to read more.
Upcoming Events
Empty Bowls Event at the West Palm Beach GreenMarket
Participate in the Walk on the Wild Side
Speak at local AFL-CIO Legislative Breakfast
Speak at Temple Beth David
Congress At Your Company tours of: Locus Traxx, Gulfstream Goodwill Industries, Inc., SV Microwave, and Cytonics Corporation
Speak at the Realtors Association of Martin Countys Semi-annual Legislative Luncheon
Speak to Sandpiper Bay Homeowners Association
Speak to students at William T. Dwyer High School
Participating in ribbon cutting for new Treasure Coast Food Bank facility in Fort Pierce
Visiting Treasure Coast Food Bank
Speak to Palm City Community Awareness Committee
Speak at Sailfish Point Community Meeting
Participate in Manatee Observation and Education Centers NatureFest
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here