
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Take Precautions Due to Propane Shortage
With propane supplies down across the Midwest, this week I joined other
Hoosier lawmakers in sending a letter to U.S. Department of
Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx urging the secretary to extend
the current emergency exemption for motor carriers should the ongoing
shortage continue.
For Hoosier households that rely on propane, this is a serious time of
year. Historically low temperatures in December and January have
aggravated the current shortage. Pipeline and distribution disruptions
have further limited delivery to the Midwest.
Roughly 500,000 Hoosiers, or nine percent of households, use propane as
a heating source. The fuel also is used in basic agricultural and
manufacturing operations in Indiana.
I urge all Hoosiers to take this situation seriously and take adequate
precautions to ensure the safety of their families. To help alleviate
the situation, you can:
Turn down the thermostat, wear layers at home and be mindful of time
while using hot water and cooking.
Alert communities, churches and service organizations to check on
loved ones, particularly senior citizens in rural areas.
Use Indiana's 2-1-1 emergency number as a resource for out of heat
Hoosiers who need relief in their community.
Weatherproof homes and if possible use alternative sources of heat.
Hoosiers concerned about price gouging can contact the Indiana Attorney
General's office hotline toll-free at 1-800-241-9753 or at
www.IndianaConsumer.com
.
_____
State of the Union Reaction
On Tuesday, President Obama delivered his State of the Union address.
Rather than use this speech to unite our country, the president turned
to more political division and even vowed to circumvent the people's
representatives to change existing law with the stroke of his pen.
President Obama again demonstrated tonight that he is good at making
promises, but Hoosiers know that promises don't matter, actions do. The
actions taken by his administration have led to increased spending,
more taxes, job losses and a shrinking workforce. After five years of
this failed strategy, it's time for a new game plan and new ideas.
I have put forward a 10-point plan - The Indiana Way
- based on bipartisan ideas I
gathered from Hoosiers that will strengthen Indiana and our country.
Rather than ignore Republican solutions, the president must recognize
that in a divided government our country needs a leader that will work
with both parties to create the opportunities Americans deserve.
Click here
or on the image above to watch my reaction
immediately following the president's remarks.
Coats in the News
Coats Opposes Bill Delaying Reforms to Flood Insurance Program
Coats Staff in Sullivan, Linton, Rockport, and Tell City next week
Bucshon, Coats didn't hear anything new in president's address
Coats discusses legislative roadmap
Setting priorities: Coats talks about health care, coal and
bipartisanship
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
Discussing The Indiana Way, my 10-point legislative agenda for 2014
based on ideas from Hoosiers, in Terre Haute
With Hoosiers in New Albany to discuss The Indiana Way
With Mary Ann Conroy of Terre Haute Regional Hospital
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Take Precautions Due to Propane Shortage
With propane supplies down across the Midwest, this week I joined other Hoosier lawmakers
in
sending a letter
to U.S.
Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx urging the secretary to extend the current emergency
exemption for motor carriers should the ongoing shortage continue.
For Hoosier households that rely on propane, this is a serious time of year. Historically low
temperatures in December and January have aggravated the current shortage. Pipeline and distribution
disruptions have further limited delivery to the Midwest.
Roughly 500,000 Hoosiers, or nine percent of
households, use propane as a heating source. The fuel also is used in basic agricultural and manufacturing
operations in Indiana.
I urge all Hoosiers to take this situation seriously and take adequate precautions to
ensure the safety of their families. To help alleviate the situation, you can:
&#8226; Turn down the thermostat, wear layers at home and be mindful of time while using
hot water and cooking. &#8226; Alert communities, churches and service organizations to check
on loved ones, particularly senior citizens in rural areas. &#8226; Use Indiana&#8217;s 2-1-1
emergency number as a resource for out of heat Hoosiers who need relief in their community. &#8226; Weatherproof
homes and if possible use alternative sources of heat.
Hoosiers concerned about price gouging can contact the Indiana Attorney General&#8217;s office
hotline toll-free at 1-800-241-9753 or at
www.IndianaConsumer.com .
State
of the Union Reaction
On Tuesday, President Obama delivered his State of the Union address. Rather than use this
speech to unite our country, the president turned to more political division and even vowed to circumvent
the people&#8217;s representatives to change existing law with the stroke of his pen.
President Obama again demonstrated tonight that he is good at making promises, but Hoosiers know
that promises don&#8217;t matter, actions do. The actions taken by his administration have led to increased
spending, more taxes, job losses and a shrinking workforce. After five years of this failed strategy,
it&#8217;s time for a new game plan and new ideas.
I have put forward a 10-point plan &#8211;
The
Indiana Way
&#8211; based on bipartisan ideas I gathered from Hoosiers that will strengthen
Indiana and our country. Rather than ignore Republican solutions, the president must recognize that in
a divided government our country needs a leader that will work with both parties to create the opportunities
Americans deserve.
Click here
or on the image above
to watch my reaction immediately following the president's remarks.
Coats
in the News
Coats
Opposes Bill Delaying Reforms to Flood Insurance Program
Coats
Staff in Sullivan, Linton, Rockport, and Tell City next week
Bucshon,
Coats didn't hear anything new in president's address
Coats
discusses legislative roadmap
Setting
priorities: Coats talks about health care, coal and bipartisanship
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
Discussing The Indiana Way, my
10-point legislative agenda for 2014 based on ideas from Hoosiers, in Terre Haute
With Hoosiers in New Albany
to discuss The Indiana
Way
With Mary Ann Conroy of Terre Haute Regional Hospital
To unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
