
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
February 02, 2014
Conservative Proposals that Will Put Money Back in Peoples
Pockets:
Earlier this week, I authored an editorial
outlining my commonsense vision for how to put more money in peoples
pockets and grow our economy. Roughly three quarters of Americans live
paycheck-to-paycheck . By the time they pay
their housing bills, their transportation bills, their child care bills,
or their utility bills, Americans have very little left over to save
for emergencies. I refuse to accept this as the new status quo. The
House has a plan that will deliver results and take some of the stress off
families with lower energy costs, lower taxes, and patient-focused
healthcare proposals. Read my editorial in The Hill,
here .
Also,
watch my remarks
at
a press conference with Republican leaders this week.
On Thursday
I outlined more of our proposals
to streamline
government at a press conference. For starters, tax reform will lower rates,
simplify an overly-complex code, close loopholes, and result in fairer,
flatter tax policies that help our economy growand create millions of
jobs. We will continue to work on eliminating the most harmful
provisions of the Presidents healthcare laws, like the 30 hour work
requirement that puts 2.3 million people at risk of having hours cut.
Conservatives are beginning to change the narrative in Washington on what it
will take to rebuild the American dream.
State of the Union
Response:
Unfortunately, all we heard Wednesday
night from the President in his State of the Union address was more of
the same. Kansans and Americans welcome a year of action, which is
why our focus in the House remains on plans that will create jobs for
hardworking families, grow our economy, and empower peoplenot the
government. Consensus building in Washington is difficult, it always has
been, but that is not an excuse for the President to disregard the
Constitution, and implement his own policy agenda without the input of
Congress.
Washington must rise above the dysfunction, put
divisive rhetoric aside, and come together to do the right thing for our
nation. President Obama can spend the final years of his presidency
with a pen and a phone or he can work with our duly-elected House
Republican majority to create opportunity for all families, to foster
upward mobility, and to deliver higher take-home pay to the American
people.
The President has reiterated his hope for 2014 to be a
year of action, and I could not agree more. You can
listen here
to a discussion between Liz Montano and I that
outlines my plans for the coming year in light of the Presidents
address.
On Wednesday night, I joined a few of my Republican
colleagues to discuss the Presidents address and commented on my opposition
to his use of executive order. To view a brief clip of my response,
click here .
Ways and Means Hearing:
Employer Mandate Tax Negatively Impacting Employers and
Employees :
On Tuesday, I participated in a Ways and Means
Hearing that focused on fixing the unintended and adverse consequences
arising due to the 30-hour full-time work requirement in the Affordable
Care Act (ACA). As you are aware, President Obama delayed the employer
mandate for another year with an executive order in 2013. This means,
employers will have to make some very difficult decisions regarding the
healthcare coverage and the full time status of their employees in the
coming year. The 30 hour work requirement puts
2.3
million employees at risk
for reduced hours and creates a nation
of part-time employees.
I have heard from numerous
business owners who are considering reducing employees hours to avoid the
employer mandate, and others that predict this rule will incentivize
employees to work fewer hours so they qualify for taxpayer subsidies for
their health care insurance. I doubt these are the outcomes the
President envisioned, but the sad reality is his health care law will
encourage many Americans to be part-time employees, resulting in less
take-home pay for employees, increased taxes on businesses owners.
Click here
to watch my remarks:
House Vote to
Prevent Federal Funding of Abortion:
Regardless
of where Americans stand on the larger issue, the majority of people
agree that they do not want their federal taxpayer dollars funding
abortions.This week, I spoke on the House floor in support of H.R. 7, the
No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act, which passed the U.S. House of
Representatives on a bipartisan vote of 227-187. This legislation
solidifies policies that have been in place for more than thirty-years,
and prohibits the federal funding of abortions, except when the life of
the mother is in danger. To watch my remarks on the House floor,
click here .
Farm Bill Full of Missed
Opportunities:
On Wednesday, the final version of the
Farm Bill passed the U.S. House of Representatives. After two years
of advocating for the passage of a five-year Farm Bill, I was
disappointed that the final conference report was one I not could
support.
Specifically, the final Farm Bill costs too much and fails to
achieve any significant regulatory reform. The inclusion of high
target prices for commodities will create false production signals for
producers and will lead to larger subsidy payments. Also, as a member of
the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Trade, I could not ignore policies
which will trigger trade disputes. These are just a few examples of
the many reforms that were left out of this bill and are issues to which
I have been a strong advocate for in the past.
I did not
expect to make easy decisions when I came to Washington. There are
many good provisions which I support in this legislation, but
unfortunately, the negatives outweigh the positives. Kansans know that this bill
not only impacts our farmers and ranchers but every single American
family. Over the coming weeks and months ahead, I will do everything in
my power to continue to be a strong voice for both American
agriculture and the American consumer.
Celebrating
Kansas Day and Significance of the Lecompton
Constitution:
This Wednesday marked the 153rd anniversary of the state of
Kansas admission into the union as a free-state in 1861. To help
mark the occasion, I introduced a piece of legislation congratulating the
residents of Lecompton, Kansas on their significantmark on American
history as The Place Where Slavery Began to Die. This legislation
will draw attention to one of the darkest, but most significant time
periods in our nations collective memoryand underscore the role the
Lecompton Constitution had in bringing about the Civil War and the
abolition of slavery.
To read the full text of the bill,
click
here .
State Departments Latest Report
Keystone XL Pipeline:
After months of delays,
the State Department released their final report on the Keystone XL
Pipeline and it confirms there are no reasons to oppose the project.
President Obama is out of excuses and it is time
after 5 years of waiting
to approve the Pipeline and the more than 100,000 jobs that come
with it. Read the State Departments full report,
here .
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
Click
Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office
to your e-mail
account.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
1027
Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway
Street #C
Pittsburg, KS
66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW
5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax:
(620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
