
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
February 7, 2014
Dear Friends,
This week, the Senate passed the conference report for H.R.2642, the
Agricultural Act of 2014, known as the Farm Bill. The conference report
provides $8 billion in new savings from reforms to the Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), which issues food stamps, largely
by eliminating waste, fraud and abuse in the system and by
strengthening work requirements for benefit eligibility. It also
includes strong provisions on forestry and conservation that are
important to Georgia. I was proud to vote for this bipartisan farm bill
because it is vital to Georgia agriculture, which is our state's number
one industry, and it will ensure that we continue meeting the needs of
farmers in Georgia and the Southeast.
Official Report on the Job-Killing Effects of Obamacare
On Tuesday, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office released a
report with findings that the Affordable Care Act, also known as
Obamacare, will reduce the workforce by the equivalent of 2 million
full-time workers by 2017 and 2.5 million full-time workers by 2024.
I have voted to defund, dismantle or repeal Obamacare almost 60 times,
and I continue to support its full repeal. I have co-sponsored dozens
of legislative proposals that would repeal the law in full or
provisions in the law.
Just last week, I called on President Obama to alleviate the pain that
Obamacare is inflicting on Americans. This report is a devastating blow
at a time when Americans are struggling to find jobs. This is further
proof that Obamacare is hurting our economy. We should be focusing on
job creation, not job-killing overregulation.
Also last week, I called on the president to work with Congress on
several initiatives to create jobs and grow the economy, including
granting Trade Promotion authority, approving the Keystone XL Pipeline
agreement and reauthorizing the Workforce Investment Act - job training
legislation that I have worked on in a bipartisan manner in the Senate.
Biennial Budgeting and Appropriations Act
On Monday, I joined with Senator Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., to speak to
the Rotary Club of Atlanta about our efforts to bridge the partisan gap
in Washington and reform the federal budgeting process. Our bipartisan
Biennial Budgeting and Appropriations Act, S.554, would convert the
annual federal spending process to a two-year budget cycle.
Biennial budgeting has been endorsed by each successive administration
since Ronald Reagan was President, as well as by numerous federal
budget experts. I have sponsored biennial budgeting proposals every
year I have been in the Senate, while Sen. Shaheen has firsthand
experience with the efficacy of biennial budgeting from her tenure as
governor of New Hampshire, which operates on a two-year budget cycle.
Twenty states operate under a biennial budgeting cycle.
On March 22, 2013, I offered this legislation as an amendment to the
Budget Resolution (S.Con.Res.8), and it was agreed to by a vote of 68
to 31. Although the budget resolution is a non-binding blueprint, the
vote signaled that there is broad bipartisan support for biennial
budgeting and appropriations and that our legislation, if brought to
the floor for a vote, would have a good chance of passing in the
Senate. The editorial board of the Columbus Ledger-Enquirer this week
became the latest entity to endorse our plan
.
In Other News
This week I was proud to co-sponsor a Senate Resolution celebrating
Black History Month, which is commemorated each February. I urge you to
read the full text of the resolution
.
The XXII Olympic Winter Games began this week, and I wish all of our
fine athletes the best of luck as the Olympic Games begin! I know Team
USA will make America proud.
What's on Tap?
Next week, the Senate is expected to consider whether to proceed to
S.1963, a bill that would repeal an expected cut in the cost-of-living
adjustment for certain military retirees.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
February 7, 2014
Dear Friends,
This week, the Senate passed the conference
report for H.R.2642, the
Agricultural
Act of 2014 , known as the Farm Bill.
The conference report provides $8 billion in new savings from reforms to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance
Program (SNAP), which issues food stamps, largely by eliminating waste, fraud and abuse in the system
and by strengthening work requirements for benefit eligibility. It also includes strong provisions on
forestry and conservation that are important to Georgia. I was proud to vote for this bipartisan farm
bill because it is vital to Georgia agriculture, which is our state&#8217;s number one industry, and
it will ensure that we continue meeting the needs of farmers in Georgia and the Southeast.
Official Report on the Job-Killing
Effects of Obamacare
On
Tuesday, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office released a report with findings that the
Affordable
Care Act , also known as Obamacare, will
reduce the workforce by the equivalent of 2 million full-time workers by 2017 and 2.5 million full-time
workers by 2024.
I have voted to defund, dismantle or
repeal Obamacare almost 60 times, and I continue to support its full repeal. I have co-sponsored dozens
of legislative proposals that would repeal the law in full or provisions in the law.
Just last week, I called on President
Obama to alleviate the pain that Obamacare is inflicting on Americans. This report is a devastating blow
at a time when Americans are struggling to find jobs. This is further proof that Obamacare is hurting
our economy. We should be focusing on job creation, not job-killing overregulation.
Also last week, I called on the president
to work with Congress on several initiatives to create jobs and grow the economy, including granting
Trade Promotion authority, approving the Keystone XL Pipeline agreement and reauthorizing the
Workforce
Investment Act
&#8211; job training
legislation that I have worked on in a bipartisan manner in the Senate.
Biennial Budgeting and Appropriations
Act
On
Monday, I joined with Senator Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., to speak to the Rotary Club of Atlanta about our
efforts to bridge the partisan gap in Washington and reform the federal budgeting process. Our bipartisan
Biennial
Budgeting and Appropriations Act , S.554,
would convert the annual federal spending process to a two-year budget cycle.
Biennial budgeting has been endorsed
by each successive administration since Ronald Reagan was President, as well as by numerous federal budget
experts. I have sponsored biennial budgeting proposals every year I have been in the Senate, while Sen.
Shaheen has firsthand experience with the efficacy of biennial budgeting from her tenure as governor
of New Hampshire, which operates on a two-year budget cycle. Twenty states operate under a biennial budgeting
cycle.
On March 22, 2013, I offered this legislation
as an amendment to the Budget Resolution (S.Con.Res.8), and it was agreed to by a vote of 68 to 31. Although
the budget resolution is a non-binding blueprint, the vote signaled that there is broad bipartisan support
for biennial budgeting and appropriations and that our legislation, if brought to the floor for a vote,
would have a good chance of passing in the Senate. The editorial board of the
Columbus
Ledger-Enquirer
this week became
the
latest entity to endorse our plan .
In Other News
This week I was proud to co-sponsor
a Senate Resolution celebrating Black History Month, which is commemorated each February. I urge you
to
read
the full text of the resolution .
The XXII Olympic Winter Games began this
week, and I wish all of our fine athletes the best of luck as the Olympic Games begin! I know Team USA
will make America proud.
What&#8217;s on Tap?
Next week, the Senate is expected
to consider whether to proceed to S.1963, a bill that would repeal an expected cut in the cost-of-living
adjustment for certain military retirees.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
