
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
Monday, February 10, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Marc's Memo - 2014 State of the District
Dear Friends,
On January 28th, our 44th President delivered his State of the Union Address, reinvigorating a vision of opportunity and optimism for our future.
The President established 2014 as a year of action and challenged Congress to do the same.
He laid out an agenda that will make the American Dream more accessible to those who work hard and play by the rules.
I stand ready to work with the president to rebuild our economy, secure real and equal opportunity for middle class families, ensure that all Americans have access to quality affordable health care, create a true blueprint for comprehensive immigration reform, and to renew unemployment insurance for 1.6 million Americans and counting.
This month, the House will also stand a very important legislative test regarding whether it will raise the nations debt-ceiling without partisan bickering or political brinkmanship. Our economy is too important and deserves a no strings attached consensus to extend the statutory debt limit as set by Congress. The American people and our economic recovery can no longer afford to be held captive by political games and obstruction.
I hope that as we finalize an agreement on the debt limit and continue working on these important legislative priories: that Democrats and Republicans can do so in a bipartisan and responsible manner.
In the meantime, I hope that you will stay connected with me through my
official website ,
Facebook page , and
Twitter
account to stay informed of our progress.
Sincerely,
Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33
Congressman Marc Veasey Responds to State of the Union Address
After President Obama delivered his State of the Union address to a Joint Session of Congress, I delivered my response on how the year of action affects families in the 33rd Congressional District.
Click
here
to watch the video.
Congressman Veasey Invites Oak Cliff Cancer Survivor with ACA Success Story as Special Guest to the State of the Union
On January 28th, I invited Jason Roberts to be my special guest at President Obamas State of the Union Address. Jason Roberts, small business owner, public outreach consultant, and resident of the 33rd Congressional district, is one of 129 million Americans with pre-existing conditions who stand to benefit from the new protections provided by the Affordable Care Act. To view photos from my meeting with Jason in Washington, D.C., connect with me on my
official website .
After being diagnosed with stage 3 testicular cancer, undergoing chemotherapy treatments, and enduring major abdominal surgery, he can now say he's cancer free. For Jason and for millions of Americans, cancer treatments are an enormous out of pocket expense Because of ACA, Jason was able to obtain new health insurance before his COBRA coverage expired this year. His story led to a fruitful discussion in Washington, D.C. on how the Affordable Care Act is working for all Americans and an opportunity to discuss getting the rest of the 33rd District enrolled to receive quality affordable health care.
Click
here
to watch Jason's ACA Success Story.
The Affordable Care Act is currently helping millions of Americans -- and we don't hear those stories often enough. Let's change that.
Email me
to share how the Affordable Care Act is benefiting you.
Congressman Veasey Commemorates Black History Month
Every February, our nation comes together to celebrate Black History Month, an opportunity to observe the history, contributions, sacrifices and accomplishments of African Americans who helped shape this great nation. This year we mark the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, a major piece of legislation that assured every American the right to vote. However, with the recent decision by the Supreme Court to overturn the very heart of Voting Rights Act and the resulting implementation of discriminatory Voter I.D. laws, our nation is at risk of facing some of the same racial injustices experienced in the 1960s.
Click
here
to watch the video.
Over 1,000 Job Seekers Attend First Annual Job Fair
The number one concern for Americans is jobs. While I am proud of the work we have already accomplished to spur economic growth, far too many Americans remain unemployed and unable to find work.
On Friday, January 24th, over 1,000 job seekers lined up at Tarrant County Resource Connection to connect with over 60 potential employers. The first annual job fair helped local residents find good jobs in the community. While employment in the Metroplex has grown by 2.9 percent this year, this event is part of my efforts to create jobs and to rebuild our economy in a way that provides our families with financial security.
Many of job seekers were able to apply for jobs on-site with a variety of companies, businesses, and city and government agencies that were actively hiring. Green Mountain Energy, who participated in the job fair, has reviewed all the rsums received at the fair and has already scheduled follow-up interviews with potential employees.
Thank you to all the participating employers and job seekers for making this event a success.
Rep. Veasey greets Naval Officer
at the
33 rd
Congressional District Job Fair
Job seeker participates
in one-on-one Resume Critiquing Workshop hosted by Workforce Solutions, at the Job Fair
Dallas County Sheriffs Department was on-site recruiting Spanish-speaking bilingual individuals to help manage the seventh largest jail in the nation.
Honoring Legendary Civil Rights Activist, Adelfa Callejo
I had the privilege of recognizing the life and legacy of Adelfa Callejo, a civil rights champion for immigration and voting reform, women, minorities, and education.
Click
here
to watch the video.
Deciphering the CBO Report on the Affordable Care Act
Much has been reported on the recent release of the Congressional Budget Offices 10 year Budget and Economic Outlook.
Of particular interest were the estimated labor market effects of the Affordable Care Act.
While the information may be misconstrued for political gain by some groups, let me be clear: the CBO did not predict the ACA would lead to job losses.
In the report, the CBO made clear that while the number of worker hours would decrease, it would be attributed entirely to employees choosing to work fewer hours.
With the option of affordable health care outside of their employers, individuals will have the ability to work the hours they choose, go out and start a small business for themselves, or no longer have to work two or three jobs to obtain benefits. The CBO concludes that the ACA would not cause an increase in unemployment or underemployment.
The ACA is about providing affordable healthcare options to Americans and as we continue to implement the law, I will work to assure that it continues to benefit the constituents in my district.
I am proud to announce and invite local high school students in the Metroplex to participate in the first annual congressional science, technology; engineering and math (STEM) academic competition, the
House Student App Challenge .
This competition is a nationwide event that showcases all participating congressional districts high school students ingenuity in creating a software application, or app, for mobile, tablet, or computer devices on a platform of their choice.
The
House Student App Challenge
is open to all high school students who live in or are eligible to attend public schools located in the 33rd Congressional District. The competition submission period ends on April 30, 2014.
For more information on submitting a contest entry, the rules of the competition, and helpful programming resources, please visit my
official website
or the
House Student App Challenge website .
Contact Me
E-Newsletter Sign-Up
Help with a Federal Agency
Flag Request
Visit Washington, D.C.
CONNECT WITH ME
Washington, DC Office
414 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
P: (202) 225-9897
F: (202) 225-9702
Dallas District Office
JP Morgan Chase Building
1881 Sylvan Ave., Ste. 108
Dallas, TX 75208
P: (214) 741-1387
F: (214) 741-2026
Fort Worth District Office
Office Tower at La Gran Plaza
4200 South Freeway, Suite 412
Fort Worth, TX 76115
P: (817) 920-9086
F: (817) 920-9324
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Click Here Click Here