
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
February 03, 2014
Lets Put America Back on
Track
Last week, President Obama delivered his fifth State
of the Union Address. Unfortunately, much of what we heard was in
many ways indistinguishable from years past. Moreover, the president
seemed more focused than ever on continuing his administrations tendency
to avoid working cooperatively with
Congress.
Thats particularly troubling since our nation faces
extraordinary challenges right now. All across America, real people are
hurting. Since the president took office, the average household income
has dropped by $4,000. The American workforce has shrunk to the
smallest it has been in generations. And, the vast majority of Americans
are living paycheck-to-paycheck. Today, 1 in 6 Americans lives in
poverty. This includes 20 percent of all children. Thanks to Obamacare,
Americans across the economic spectrum face increased health care costs,
steep taxes and fines, dropped coverage, restricted access to care and
the prospect of losing their doctors.
To solve these challenges, we need President Obama and Congress
to work together on policies that can help America's poor and working
class families. Thanks to the strength of the American spirit and the
hard work of American families, there is always an opportunity to fix
what ails our country. There are positive solutions out there
many
of which we have already been focused on in the House of
Representatives. Policies like tax reform, greater American-made energy production,
and fiscal reforms to lift the burden of debt from our economy and
off the backs of our kids and grandkids. For the sake of our nation, we
call on the president to work with us to help put America back on
track.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon House Office Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax:
202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax:
770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom
by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
