
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
MEET STEVE
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA
CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
February 03, 2014
Last week President
Obama addressed the country and discussed some of his ideas for the next
year. My number one priority is finding commonsense solutions to grow
the economy and create more good paying jobs for Montanans. I want to
hear from you and gather your input on what actions we should take to
achieve these goals and get our country back on track.
My
guest to the State of the Union last year was the Chairman of the
Crow Tribe, Darrin Old Coyote, and he told me the three biggest
priorities on the Crow Reservation were simple: jobs, jobs, and
jobs.
It's time for the President to take
action on the Keystone XL pipeline, which would
create
800 good Montana jobs and help keep energy prices low for
hard-working Montana families. It's time to rein in the overreaching regulations
that are hurting Montana's coal industry and the hundreds of Montana
union jobs that our coal-fired power plants support. It's time to
advance and expand our energy portfolio to a true "all of the above"
approach to include oil, natural gas, coal, hydropower, wind, and
solar.
We need jobs for our veterans
so they can put their skills to use when they return home. We also
need to restore the painful cuts to our veterans' pensions from the
Ryan-Murray Budget, and we need to ensure that our wounded warriors have
access to the quality care they
deserve.
And it's time to stop the NSA's mass data collection
program and implement new safeguards that protect Montanans' privacy from
big government overreach and broken government websites. Montanans
deserve to have their civil liberties protected, and need to know when
their privacy has been
violated.
President Obama and I do agree on one thing though: it is the
American people and their determined spirit that indeed make our nation
strong. But the American people deserve real solutions that provide good
paying jobs for our families, and grow opportunity - not more big
government.
Please take a
moment to answer the short survey below so I can better understand your
thoughts on the real state of our Union.
Do you support building the
Keystone XL pipeline and working toward an "all of the above" approach
to expand energy development in the United States? Yes - The Keystone XL Pipeline and the
responsible development of our energy resources will provide much
needed jobs to our economy and help keep energy prices low No - Our existing energy policy is
fine Unsure Do you support reining
in the NSA's surveillance program? Yes - The NSA's surveillance program is an overreach on
our civil liberties No - The NSA's surveillance program is necessary and should remain
unchanged Unsure Do you support
restoring the cuts to veterans' pensions from the Ryan - Murray
budget? Yes - These cuts are
unacceptable and we should find other ways to decrease our
deficit No - These cuts were
necessary
Unsure *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
Sincerely,
Washington D.C.
206 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
phone: 202-225-3211
Billings District
222 North 32nd Street
Suite 900
Billings, MT 59101
phone: 406-969-1736
Great Falls District
104 2nd Street South
Suite 103
Great Falls, MT
59404
phone: 406-315-3860
Helena District
910 N. Last Chance Gulch
Suite B
Helena, MT 59601
phone: 406-502-1435
Missoula District
110 West Front Street
Missoula, MT 59802
phone: 406-926-2122
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
