 on the deck of the Hollyhock icebreaker
Harrison Township, MI - Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) issued the following statement after accompanying the crew of the USCGC Hollyhock, a 225-ft U.S. Coast Guard icebreaker, on its regularly-scheduled mission from Port Huron, MI:
"Today, I had the great privilege of accompanying Admiral Midgette and the crew of the U.S. Coast Guard's Hollyhock icebreaker on its mission from Port Huron.
I was interested to see up close the vast amount of ice blanketing Lake Huron and extremely impressed with the skill, dedication and persistence demonstrated by the crew of the Hollyhock as they cut through the ice.
"The U.S. Coast Guard, specifically its District 9 fleet stationed on the Great Lakes, plays a vital role to our commerce and safety by keeping our waterways open.
This winter's brutally cold conditions create even greater challenges as they work to stay ahead of the ice and prepare for ice jams during the spring thaw.
"As Chairman of the House Homeland Security Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security and a life-long resident of the Great Lakes, I want to reaffirm my commitment to ensuring that they have the resources they need and express my sincere gratitude for their service."
As Chair of the House Homeland Security Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, which has oversight of the U.S. Coast Guard, Rep. Miller has paid particularly close attention to the resources dedicated to the Great Lakes .
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller: U.S. Coast Guard Faces Challenging Conditions on Great Lakes to Keep our Waterways Open and Safe
Watch the video of Rep. Miller with USCG Commander Kimura
on the deck of the Hollyhock icebreaker
Harrison Township, MI
&#8211; Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) issued the following statement after accompanying the crew of the
USCGC Hollyhock, a 225-ft U.S. Coast Guard icebreaker, on its regularly-scheduled mission from Port Huron, MI:
&#8220;Today, I had the great privilege of accompanying
Admiral Midgette and
the crew of the U.S. Coast Guard&#8217;s Hollyhock icebreaker on its mission from Port Huron.
I was interested to see up close the vast amount of ice blanketing Lake Huron and extremely impressed with the skill, dedication and persistence
demonstrated by the crew of the Hollyhock as they cut through the ice.
&#8220;The U.S. Coast Guard, specifically its District 9 fleet stationed on the Great Lakes, plays a vital role to our commerce and safety by keeping our waterways open.
This
winter&#8217;s brutally cold conditions create even greater challenges as they work to stay ahead of the ice and prepare for ice jams during the spring thaw.
&#8220;As Chairman of the House Homeland Security Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security and a life-long resident of the Great Lakes, I want to reaffirm my commitment to
ensuring that they have the resources they need and express my sincere gratitude for their service.&#8221;
As Chair of the
House Homeland Security Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, which has oversight of the U.S. Coast Guard, Rep. Miller has paid particularly close attention to the
resources dedicated to the Great Lakes .
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
