
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
FEBRUARY 7, 2014
Please allow me to update you on some of this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Kentucky Delegation Urges Feds to Restore Lake Cumberland Water Levels
Earlier this week, Sen. Mitch McConnell, Reps. Hal Rogers, Ed Whitfield and I contacted the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service regarding a matter of great concern to the economic wellbeing of the Lake Cumberland area in southeastern Kentucky.
The repair of the Wolf Creek Dam began in 2007 and has led to extremely low water levels that have damaged the area's ability to attract tourists. The past seven years of reduced water levels have not only hurt small businesses that rely on tourism, but have also strained local governments as local towns have had to lower their water intake.
Despite all of these serious economic concerns, on January 29, 2014, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers announced its intent to further delay the raising of the water levels on Lake Cumberland. The Corps announced this was due to the presence of an endangered species of fish, the Duskytail Darter, in the lake's tributaries, which requires the agencies to undertake a Biological Assessment designed to 'minimize any potential impacts to this species.
It is critical that Lake Cumberland be able to raise water levels adequate to support tourism prior to the peak season in 2014 and I will continue to urge the Feds to restore the water levels.
Click
HERE
to read our letter in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Vows to Work with Administration to Free Pastor Abedini
At the National Prayer Breakfast on Thursday, President Barack Obama demanded that the First Amendment rights of American citizens be respected abroad. I have repeatedly urged the government of Iran to release American Pastor Saeed Abedini and have co-sponsored
legislation
and issued a
letter
to President Hassan Rouhani.
I am pleased to hear that President Obama will join my mission to free American citizens that are being persecuted abroad due to religious intolerance. I will continue to call on the government of Iran to release Abedini and all other individuals detained on account of their religious beliefs. I look forward to working with this Administration to ensure that our religious freedoms are protected and I will continue to do all that I can to defend American citizens from religious persecution abroad.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at the American Principles Project Gala
On Wednesday evening, I had the honor of speaking at the annual American Principles Project. I discussed the future of the Republican party and the state of our union.
Click
HERE
to watch my speech in its entirety.
( Dr. Rand Paul Speaking at American Principles Project Gala- February 5, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul
Issues Letter to President Obama Regarding Iran Negotiations
Following Tuesday's Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing, I issued
a letter to President Obama regarding the current status of the Iran negotiations.
Click
HERE
to read my letter to the President.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta
Earlier this week, I had the opportunity to sit down with the Kentucky Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta and listen to their concerns. We discussed job creation, education reform, restoring voting rights for non-violent felons and my Economic Freedom Zones plan.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the Kentucky Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta- February 4, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Kentucky School Board Association
I also had the opportunity to meet with the Kentucky School Board Association in Washington, D.C. We discussed the future of education in our state and factors such as competitive curriculums, school choice, charter schools and the education reform proposals in my Economic Freedom Zones plan.
(Dr. Rand Paul and the Kentucky School Board Association- February 4, 2014)
Dr. Rand Paul Welcomes Kentucky Senate Page
This week, I had the pleasure of welcoming Michael Regard of Lexington to Capitol Hill. Michael was chosen to serve as a 2014 Senate Page representing the state of Kentucky. While serving as a Page in the U.S. Senate, students will witness first-hand the nation's top lawmakers as they actively debate and vote on legislation. The Senate has long been referred to as "the world's greatest deliberative body" and we are proud to provide Michael with an opportunity to be involved in that process.
Click
HERE
to learn more about the Senate Page Program.
(Dr. Rand Paul and Michael Regard- February 4, 2014)
Senators Push for Congressional Vote Before Extending Afghanistan Troop Presence
Also on Thursday, I joined Sens. Jeff Merkley (D-OR), Mike Lee (R-UT)
and Joe Manchin (D-WV) in introducing a bipartisan resolution calling
for Congress to have a role in approving any further United States
military involvement in Afghanistan after the current mission ends on
December 31, 2014. The Administration is reportedly negotiating an
agreement that could keep 10,000 American troops or more in Afghanistan
for another ten years.
The power to declare war resides in the hands of Congress. If this
President or any future President has the desire to continue to deploy
U.S. troops to this region, it should be done so only with the support
of Congress and the citizens of the United States.
Click
HERE
to read more about this legislation.
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, hundreds of thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors.
Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Media Wrap-Up
This past week, I appeared on CNN's
The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer
and spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Mike Smith of WJRS and Amy Stroud of WYKY. I also penned an Op-Ed in the
Lexington Herald Leader ,
Louisville Courier Journal
and
BreitBart.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member. Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
