
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
February 02, 2014
Capitol
Corner: State of the Union: Same Failed Plans, Different
Day
It might not seem like it but Groundhog Day is actually
next week. This week, President Barack Obama delivered his fifth
State of the Union address to Congress. Unfortunately, it was just a lot
more of the same old, same old.
At a time when more than 60
percent of Americans think the nation is headed in the wrong direction
and 70 percent are dissatisfied with the economy, President Obama took
this opportunity to continue to promote his same no jobs economy:
more federal spending, more federal bureaucracy, and higher taxes. As
its been for the first five years of his presidency, this is nothing
more than a recipe for economic disaster.
Thankfully, House
Republicans have fought tooth and nail to rein in federal spending, keep
taxes low, and remove some of the massive bureaucratic red tape his
administration has put in place since he took office. We have passed
dozens of bills aimed at helping the private sector create jobs and get
America back to work. Unfortunately, more than 40 of those bills have
gotten stuck in the quagmire that is the US Senate, squashed by Senator
Harry Reids thumb. Rather than focusing on what can help the
American people, Harry Reid and Senate Democrats have placed politics above
policy
and American families continue to be the
casualties.
Rather than demanding Senator Reid do his job and bring these bills
for an up or down vote on the Senate floor, the president once again
reasserted his right to dictate to the American people from the White
House. And instead of working with Congress to pass meaningful
legislation to repeal and replace his failed health care law, to remove the
red tape that is strangling our nations job creators, and to lower the
tax burden on hard working American families, he plans to legislate
from high on top.
Sadly, Im not the least bit surprised. This
president has shown time and again that he has little respect for the
American people and no respect for the US Constitution. Tonights
speech was just one more example of his disdain. After five years it is
time for the President to realize he needs to change course and work
with us, or one year from now we will once again hear this same speech
with the same lofty goals and nothing of substance behind
them.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
President Obama's State
of the Union Should Be Aimed at Harry Reid
By
Rep. Lynn Westmoreland
This op-ed was featured in
Breitbart
on January 26,
2014
For the last five years we have watched President Obama try time
and again to use government to create
jobs.
More government
spending.
More government programs.
Just
more and more federal government. And time and again, he has failed to
actually create jobsto the tune of unemployment still sitting above
seven percent. I know some people believe if you say something enough, it
will come true. After "If you like your health insurance you can keep
your health insurance," I would hope the president would finally
realize thats not how things work. And no matter how many times he says
government spending will help the economy, it simply
wont.
We have seen the negative impact of the
Presidents economic agenda right here in Georgia. For example, Southern
Company (the parent company of Georgia Power) recently announced it will
have to close its Plant Mitchell Unit 3 near Albany, Georgia, as a
result of the costly EPA regulations the Obama Administration has forced on
energy companies. So rather than creating jobs in Georgia, President
Obama and his EPA are destroying high-paying jobs in Dougherty County,
Georgia.
Anyone can see that the
Presidents economic agenda is simply not workinganyone, it seems,
except the President himself. Rather than focusing on how he can create
jobs, weve spent the last week hearing about his stance on marijuana. I
think the millions of Americans who are unemployed or underemployed
would prefer he focus on job
creation.
So while there are many, many issues I would like to see the President
address in his State of the Union address, more than anything I hope
he uses this speech as a platform to dump his NO JOBS job plan and
agree to work with House Republicans to pass some of the dozens of
pro-growth jobs bills that have gotten stuck in the Senate. These bills
would remove some of the burdensome and excessive red tape that hurts
small businesses. They would provide training and education so that our
workforce can keep up with our changing economy. They would provide for
a simpler tax code that would allow the private sector to create new
jobs and raise wages for working families. And they would put America
on the path to becoming energy independent by increasing American
energy production through projects like the Keystone
Pipeline.
Many of these bills have passed the House with
bipartisan support but have never even been brought up for a vote in the
Senate. And why, you may ask? Unfortunately, the only person who can
answer that question is Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, who has
taken the term obstructionist to a whole new level. In the first year of
the 113th Congress, the House has passed 168 bills that have
immediately died upon arrival in the Senate. One hundred and sixty eight
bills.
So I am hoping President Obama will
address this in his State of the Union on
Tuesday.
It should be easyafter all, Senator Reid will be in the
same room. And if he doesnt want to call him out publicly, as he
told the American people earlier this month, hes got a pen and a phone.
The President can give him a call after the speech or write him a
letter and let him know that its time to stop playing political games
with the American people.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
In Other News
SOTU FACT: ObamaCare is Driving Up
Costs for Middle-Class Families
CLAIM:
For decades, few things exposed hard-working families to economic
hardship more than a broken health care system.
And in case you
havent heard, were in the process of fixing that. (President Obama,
State of the Union Address, January 28, 2014). FACT:
Millions of
Americans lost the health plans they liked and could afford under
ObamaCare, and now face higher premiums and out-of-pocket
costs...
SOTU FACT:
President Wants New Tax Hikes to Support More Stimulus
Spending
CLAIM: "Lets work together to close those loopholes,
end those incentives to ship jobs overseas, and lower tax rates for
businesses that create jobs here at home."
FACT: Republicans support
reforms that will create a simpler, flatter, fairer tax code that
promotes economic growth and jobs.
The president, on the other
hand, is more focused on raising taxes to fund more government
spending...
SOTU FACT: National Debt Tops $17 Trillion Under President
Obama
CLAIM: Here are the results of your
effortsOur deficits
cut by more than half. (President Obama, State
of the Union Address, January 28, 2014). FACT:
The Obama
administrations policies have increased the national debt by more than $6.5
trillion, and the president has failed to offer serious budgets that
would get spending under
control...
KOAM TV
7: Senator Blunt Files Bipartisan Amicus Brief Against ObamaCare HHS
Mandate
U.S. Senator Roy Blunt (Mo.) and U.S.
Representative Randy Forbes (Va.) led an effort today to fight for Americans
First Amendment rights by filing an amicus brief to the U.S. Supreme Court
regarding Hobby Lobby v. Sebelius.. House co-signers include Lynn
Westmoreland (Ga.)
Washington Post: Supreme Court says
nuns are exempt for now from Obamacare contraceptives
rule
The Supreme Court said Friday that a group of Colorado nuns does
not have to comply with the Affordable Care Acts requirement that
employers offer insurance plans that cover contraceptives while the nuns
pursue a legal challenge of that portion of the
law...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House
Office Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax
(202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770)
683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
