
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
US
January 26, 2014
Dear Friend,
On Wednesday, thousands braved the cold winter
weather to join the March for Life in Washington, DC.
I applaud
those who participated and thank them for standing up for those who
cannot speak for themselves. As your representative, I will continue
the fight to protect the sanctity of human life.
I was back
in the district this week, and it was great to be home. On Wednesday
I visited IBM in Resarch Triangle Park , where I
participated in a roundtable discussion of women in technology and
toured IBM's Gold LEED Center.
You can find more information about
this visit in the newsletter below.
Obamacare has made many
appearances in the news this week, and as per usual, none of the news
was good. The most recent mention of Obamacare was in relation to
Moodys Investor Service, which verified something Republicans have been
saying for yearsObamacare is harming Americas healthcare system.
Moodys recently changed its outlook from stable to negative in regards to
the U.S. health care insurance sector, and it cites Obamacare as one
of the prime culprits for this downgrade. Everyday we see new examples
in the form of canceled plans, layoffs, soaring premiums and lost
coverage. To read my full statement related to Moodys rating, scroll down
or visit my website at Ellmers.house.gov.
Unfortunately,
many are just beginning to experience the repercussions of Obamacare. A
new survey shows that only 11 percent of people who bought health
insurance under the new health care law didn't have insurance previously.
This number is a far cry from those originally projected by the White
House.
Aetna CEO Mark Bertolini
sums it up in
this one sentence: "Obamacare has just shifted people who were insured
in the individual market to the public exchanges."
The Wall Street Journal's
Market Watch reported a survey
that was recently conducted on midsized companies, which shows the
effects of Obamacare: A majority of middle-market companies said that
uncertainty around government policies is impeding their ability to
grow and their willingness to hire and spend...The impact of healthcare
legislation continues to be the largest
concern.
Considering all the problems the new health care law has caused, it is not
surprising that
this Fox News poll
shows
support for Obamacare at a record lowwith 59 percent of voters opposed to
the health care law.
On Tuesday night the president will
deliver the State of the Union speech.
I hope you will take a few
moments to answer the survey below, which will let me know what you
would like to hear the president address.
Thank you for
staying informed and engaged in our community and with the happenings in
my office. Please share this information with your friends, and don't
hesitate to contact my office if we can ever be of assistance to
you.
Talking Women in Technology at IBM
It was a pleasure to visit IBM in Research Triangle Park on Wednesday.
I released this statement following my visit:
"I was
thoroughly impressed with my visit to IBM in Raleigh today and by the
many hard working North Carolinians who work to make this company a
source of pride for American innovation and private sector success. I was
also impressed by the insight shared at this morning's meeting with
the women who make IBM and our community a vibrant force. We discussed
a number of issues, including the importance of immigration reform and
IBM's commitment to hiring and mentoring our military veterans. I
also had the opportunity to discuss the importance of tax reform and how
this will help companies like IBM reinvest in growth, education and
job creation."
"They expressed many of the fears and
anxieties that countless people are experiencing across the country
as well as the determined spirit to overcome incredible obstacles. As
technology and business continue to evolve in the 21st Century, it must
do so in responsible ways that promote innovation and opportunities
for people to earn success while also protecting our citizens through
cyber security. This was a very productive visit, and I would like to
thank Vice President Bob Greenberg and the people of IBM for all the
work they have done to improve our
communities."
Additional photos from my visit can be found below in this
newsletter.
Moody's Downgrades Due to Obamacare
The credit-rating agency Moody's changed the outlook for the
U.S. health care insurance sector from stable to negative this week.
The Washington Times
reported Moody's explanation for the change:
While all of these issues had been on our radar screen as we
approached 2014, a new development and a key factor for the change
in outlook is the unstable and evolving
regulatory environment under which the sector is operating, Moody's said.
Notably, new regulations and presidential announcements over the last
several months with respect to the ACA have imposed operational changes
well after product and pricing decisions had been
finalized.
I released
the following
statement
on Thursday regarding Moody's downgrade due to
Obamacare:
"This morning, Moody's verified something we have warned about
for years: that America's health care system is facing imminent danger
due to Obamacare. Each and every day since the law has been
implemented, a domino effect of canceled plans, layoffs, soaring premiums, and
lost coverage has translated into a nightmare for the American people.
How much more proof is needed before President Obama acknowledges the
failure of his signature law and takes the necessary actions to
protect the economy from further damage? Hard working Americans should not
be left to suffer under this law's continuous assault on our economy.
We must repeal and replace Obamacare
immediately."
This morning, The Washington Times reported that Moody's Investor
Service has changed its outlook from stable to negative for the U.S.
health care insurance sector, specifically citing Obamacare for the damage
it will inflict:
The private credit rating agency
said potential fallout from the Affordable Care Acts implementation
including changes to the individual market and the impact of the
laws employer mandate on commercial group plans in January 2015
presents the greatest challenge to health insurers credit profile. Lower
reimbursement rates among Medicare Advantage plans also are creating
financial pressure, it said.
While all of these
issues had been on our radar screen as we approached 2014, a new
development and a key factor for the change in outlook is the unstable and
evolving regulatory environment under which the sector is operating,
Moody's said. Notably, new regulations and presidential announcements
over the last several months with respect to the ACA have imposed
operational changes well after product and pricing decisions had been
finalized.
March for Life
I would like to thank everyone who participated in this year's
March for Life for standing up for those who cannot speak for
themselves. My life's experiences have taught me that every life is a precious
gift from God, not for us to judge its
worth. Please know that my pro-life colleagues and I will continue to
fight the good fight to defend life no matter what the obstacles as
we continue our mission in the 113th Congress. Thank you again to all
those who participated and may God bless you for all for the important
work you are doing.
In the News
Officials Praise Climate Center at
Opening
The Bulletin - NC State
Biological sciences
professor Damian Shea, who co-directs the center with Interiors Gerard
McMahon, said the center excels at pushing past traditional boundaries,
bringing together scientists, business leaders and resource managers to
confront one of the most complex issues facing society. It also has
the backing of political leaders on both sides of the aisle. Shea
acknowledged the support of GOP representatives Renee Ellmers and George
Holding, as well as Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan.
Five years later Roanoke Conference in Ocean Shores
continues to thrive
1450 AM KBKW
This
years program will include a keynote speech by North Carolina
Congresswoman Renee Ellmers. Ellmers has taken a prominent role in uncovering the
incompetence surrounding the national health insurance exchange
website. Indiana Lt. Gov. Sue Ellsperman, a key player in her states
right-to-work reform effort, is scheduled to give the Friday night
welcome address.
West Point
Bound
The Nashville Graphic
In late December,
Matthew Pope received the news hed been patiently waiting for: hed
been accepted into The United States Military Academy at West Point on
Congresswoman Renee Ellmers nomination. Pope said his mom, Angela,
informed him of the news while he was riding down the road. I was in
shock, Pope said. I had to sit there for a few minutes and let the full
effect kick in.
How Do You
Solve a Problem Like Immigration?
Op-Ed - The
Fayetteville Observer
"Do we have a problem with our immigration
policies? Regardless of where you stand on this issue, my guess is
you would say yes. This, like so many important issues facing our
country, requires a dedicated approach focused on facts and how the laws we
enact impact our security, our economy and the lives of millions of
people in America."
Snapshots from the
District
The photos below were takend during my visit to IBM at Research
Triangle Park on January 22nd where I participated in a women's roundtable
and toured
IBM's Gold LEED
Center.
Weekly Survey Which of the following issues would you like
President Obama to address in his State of the Union speech this
week? Jobs/Economy Health Care National Security Taxes Immigration Military/Veterans Energy *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
On
Facebook
Follow
this link , then
click the "Like" button
on
my Facebook page today!
On
Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation
on Twitter.
On YouTube
Please
subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you won't miss great video from
the Washington and the Second District.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Washington, DC
426
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910)
230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222
Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro,
North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336)
626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
