
February 23, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Celebrating the 2014 "Stars of the North"
In This Week's Kline's Corner
The 2014 Stars of the North
New House App Contest Web Page
2014 Minnesota State Legislature Convenes Tuesday
Recognizing the Selfless Work of Stars of the North
Dear Friends,
One of my greatest honors is the chance to recognize the generosity by many of Minnesotas selfless individuals who are willing to step up to address the needs they see in our communities. These Stars of the North stepped forward to make life better for someone beyond themselves
volunteering, offering a helping hand, reaching out to a neighbor to ask, what can I do for you?
Last week, I hosted the eighth annual Star of the North ceremony at Kenwood Trail Junior High School in Lakeville with more than 400 people in attendance to pay tribute to the kindness and generosity of our neighbors throughout Minnesotas 2nd district. The Star of the North Award was created in 2006 to recognize Minnesotans who gave of themselves to help those whose lives were affected by Hurricane Katrina. The stories of this years Stars of the North feature people and organizations alike throughout the district that recognized the needs of our community and stepped forward to serve. To learn about the 2014 Stars of the North from your area, click
here . You can also view the photos of the recipients on my
Facebook page .
New House App Contest Web Page
I recently
announced
the first annual STEM education competition: the House App Contest for students throughout the 2nd district. This contest offers a unique way for our students to display their talents and creativity, and I am pleased to provide this opportunity. To assist students interested in participating, I recently launched a Congressional STEM Competition page on my website with the guidelines, registration information, and resources to assist students develop an app. If you would like to learn more about the House App Contest, I encourage you to visit the page
here .
2014 Minnesota State Legislature Session Begins Tuesday
As the Minnesota State Legislature convenes this week for the 2014 session, I want to thank all our State Representatives and Senators for their hard work and dedicated service. I encourage you to follow the important work of the Legislature this session and reach out to your state representatives on issues that matter to you. If you would like to contact your State Representative or Senator, you can find out who represents you by clicking
here .
Best wishes,
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
John Kline Statement on Keeping Promises to Our Veterans
Congressman John Kline, Chairman of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, issued the following statement today after supporting bipartisan legislation to restore the full cost-of-living adjustment (COLA) for all military retirees:
As a retired Marine, husband of a career Army nurse, and father of a son who has served three tours in Iraq and Afghanistan, I take seriously my congressional responsibility to provide our troops, veterans, and their families the support they deserve, said Kline. I was pleased to support this important legislation to ensure promises made are promises kept by restoring cost-of-living increases to those who have served.
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here