
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
Johnson Announces New VA Clinic for Collin County
Plano, TX
In response to U.S. Congressman Sam Johnsons (TX-03) ongoing effort to provide North Texas veterans with a medical clinic in Collin County, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs notified Johnson that he secured a new VA Community-Based Outpatient Clinic (CBOC) for North Dallas.
The new VA Clinic will serve the residents of Collin and surrounding counties, and will be located in Plano.
In response to constituent concern, the growing veteran population in North Texas, and personally experiencing the long drive to the Dallas VA Medical Center, Johnson has been pushing the VA for this clinic for years.
I am thrilled to announce our veterans will soon have better access to high-quality care closer to home.
The new Collin County VA Clinic will make a huge difference for veterans, active duty, reservists and their loved ones.
This is a win for North Texas and a win for our heroes, said Johnson.
Nothing makes me happier than to give our brave men and women in uniform the health care services they earned and deserve.
The long-awaited CBOC is expected to provide primary care, mental health, telemedicine, laboratory and x-ray services.
The clinic will provide services to nearly 6,000 veterans across the area each year.
Additionally, it will provide 25 full-time jobs, including but not limited to five physicians, five registered nurses, five licensed vocational nurses, as well as a phlebotomist, pharmacist and social workers.
The workload will be closely monitored each year to identify the need for further expansion of specialty care services.
North Texas veterans have waited far too long for a clinic of their own and I commend the VA for moving forward with the project.
I look forward to continue working closely with VA North Texas Health Care System Director Jeff Milligan to ensure this long-fought for clinic becomes a reality, concluded Johnson.
###
Washington D.C. Office
1211 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4201
Texas Office
1255 W 15th Street, Suite 170
Plano, Texas 75075
Phone: (469) 304-0382
Fax: (469) 304-0392
Click Here Click Here