
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
January 26, 2014
Capitol Corner: It's Time to STOP the
President
The National Archives reported that
at the end of 2013, President Obama has issued 166 Executive Orders
throughout his presidency. Those numbers make it apparent that this
president thinks he can do what he wants, when he wants. It has been a
constant uphill battle for Congress and the Supreme Court to make sure
that this administration follows the Constitution. Between the ObamaCare
delays and the Environmental Protection Agencys constant flow of
regulations, this President is showing a lack of respect for the document
he is supposed to be a scholar
of.
Thats the reason why Ive signed on as a cosponsor of H. Res. 442,
the Stop This Overreaching Presidency Resolution. Under Presidential
Responsibilities in Article II, Section 3 of the United States
Constitution, it states that the President shall take Care that the Laws be
faithfully executed. It doesnt say use this power to bypass
Congress or this presidency grants you a free pass. H. Res. 442 directs
the House to institute legal action that requires the President comply
with the law.
President Obamas
blatant disregard for our Constitution and the legislative process has
a growing list of examples, including but not limited to: his one-year
delay in ObamaCares employer mandate, the one-year delay extension
of the substandard insurance policies, his waiver of the welfare work
requirement under TANF, and granting deferred removal action to
illegal immigrants. Its not the presidents job to try and correct his own
failed policies or to sign executive orders to get his way when he is
told no.
Our Founding Fathers carefully and thoughtfully drafted
our nations Constitution so that each branch holds the other one
accountable. With the way this administration has been churning out
regulations and executive orders, it is time that we the people and those in
Congress make sure that the administration stays within its designated
lines.
Share on
Facebook
Share on
Twitter
What I've Been Up To
This District Work Week
I
interviewed with student reporters from the University of West Georgia TV
to discuss the 2014 legislative agenda.
Met with parents and
kids who represent the Juvenile Diabetes Research
Foundation.
Discussed with DaVita Healthcare Partners the challenges they are facing
due to ObamaCare.
I toured The Bloom Closet,
a support center for foster children in Fayetteville.
I presented a flag that was flown over the US Capitol to Berta
Weathersby Elementary School in LaGrange.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Newnan Times-Herald: Yokogawa Breaks Ground On Distribution
Center
Yokogawa Corporation of America held its official
groundbreaking ceremony for its new distribution center in Shenandoah
Industrial Park on Wednesday.On hand for the ceremony was U.S.
Representative Lynn Westmoreland, along with many other local county and
industry leaders...
41st Anniversary of Roe v. Wade
...I hope that
this tragic anniversary is a reminder to everyone that all life is
precious, and that we must join together to be a voice for those in the womb
who cant speak for themselves...
Newnan Times-Herald: Voting Rights Amendment Act
under review
...When the Voting Rights Act was
reauthorized in 2006, U.S. Representative Lynn Westmoreland, R-Ga. Third
District and a resident of Coweta County, urged Congress to update the
coverage formula...
Boston Globe: Congress scrambles as coastal residents rail
at insurance rates
...If you live on top of a
mountain, I dont know that you want to be subsidizing somebody that lives
in a more flood-prone area, Representative Lynn Westmoreland, a
Georgia Republican, told the Globe...
The Hill:Target announces it will drop part-time
employees from its healthcare plan
Target Corp.
announced on Tuesday it would no longer offer healthcare coverage to its
part-time employees...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office
Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770)
683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 