DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Your Stimulus at Work: Dog Parks
This week marks five years since the nearly $1 trillion stimulus was signed by the President. I opposed the bill because I knew that much of the spending would have little affect on job creation. Money went to major failures like bankrupt companies including Solyndra and Fisker Automotive. Money also went to some programs the President specifically said wouldnt get money. In March 2009, the President said: We will do everything in our power to prevent that from happening [funding wasteful projects], which is why we're building on the provisions in the Recovery Act to forbid the use of these funds to build things like dog parks. Despite this promise, more than $90,000 went to pay for new dog parks in Washington, D.C. One just blocks away from the White House. Further proof that government is a poor manager of taxpayer money.
New Health Memo Summarizes Where I Stand on Obamacare
This week, I released a updated memo on the problems of Obamacare and what I think we need to do to replace it with better health reform. Because of Obamacares failures, its even more important that Republicans put forward alternatives that work to reduce health care costs and expand insurance coverage. I believe the law is hurting our economy and making health care more expensive for far too many Americans. I hope that this year, we will see some good alternatives move through the House of Representatives. Read the memo
HERE .
Questions About New Healthcare.gov Contractor
Following the disastrous rollout of the Obamacare exchange website, the lead government website builder CGI Federal lost their contract. Accenture Federal Services was given the new contract in an abbreviated process. We have few details on what other companies bid for the business or what due diligence the government did to make sure Accenture is capable of fixing and running the website. The last thing we need is more money wasted on a website that doesnt work well for many users. I joined fellow members of the Energy and Commerce Committee to request answers. Read the letter
HERE .
Hearing to Examine Proposed Changes to Medicare Prescription Drug Benefit
Medicare Part D by all accounts is a successful program. Since the program was created, competition and choice have caused premiums to stay low and even go down some years. Now, the administration is proposing major changes that could cause nearly 8 million seniors to lose the plans they are currently on. The new rules would eliminate all but two plans per region. There is just no reason to mess with success. Next week, I am going to call administration officials on the carpet and ask them why they are making drastic changes to a popular, successful, and cost-effective program.
Op-ed of the Week: Russian Reset
More than ten years ago, President George Bush looked Vladimir Putin in the eye and was able to get a sense of his soul. It was an odd quote from the beginning, but by the end of the Bush administration, relations with Russia had soured over Putins grim human rights record and close friendships with some of the worlds worst leaders. READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Preventing Drug Shortages
Rep. Pitts opens up a Health Subcommittee hearing to investigate the problem of drug shortages and legislation meant to prevent them.
Obamacare Needs to be More Transparent
Rep. Pitts opens up debate on legislation to make Obamacare website data more transparent.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here