
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
January 31, 2014
Dear Friends,
This week, Georgia experienced a difficult several days due to the snow
and ice storm that occurred on Tuesday, Jan. 28, 2014. My thoughts and
prayers were, and are, with all those affected by this unfortunate
event.
Also on Tuesday, President Obama delivered the annual State of the
Union address, and I was disappointed with what he had to say. America
is not on the right track. Since the president took office, median
household income is down nearly $4,000, job opportunities are less
during this protracted time of unemployment, and the American people
are concerned for their future and the future of their children.
The president called for 2014 to be a 'year of action.' I urge the
president to take action on several items, including the Workforce
Investment Act, which I have been working on for more than a year with
House and Senate Republicans and Democrats. The Workforce Investment
Act hasn't been reauthorized in six years. We ought to pass this
legislation to expand job training and opportunity.
Additionally, we need Trade Promotion Authority granted to the
president so he can initiate further and aggressive trade agreements
around the world.
Furthermore, we need to address Obamacare, which is inflicting a great
deal of pain on the American people, especially in terms of higher
premiums, cancelled coverage and fewer choices. Obamacare is also
causing Americans to lose their jobs or forcing them into part-time
employment.
?
Lastly, the crowning blow is the president's failure to sign the
Keystone XL Pipeline agreement, which sits on his desk and would
immediately bring jobs to America and promote energy independence in
our country.
Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act
On Thursday, the Senate passed the Homeowner Flood Insurance
Affordability Act, which would protect millions of homeowners from
being hit by huge flood insurance premium rate hikes. The legislation
would also require the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to
complete an affordability study and propose real solutions to address
affordability issues before any flood insurance premiums can be raised
in the future.
The bill, S.1926, which I introduced with Sen. Robert Menendez, D-N.J.,
was approved by the Senate this week by a vote of 67 to 32.
Specifically, S.1926, delays the implementation of certain provisions
contained in the Biggert-Waters law that was enacted in 2012.
I have worked with Republicans and Democrats for several months on the
flood insurance legislation, and I am delighted that the Senate came
together in a bipartisan manner this week to protect millions of
Americans from the steep increases in their annual flood insurance
premiums. Throughout the process, I have repeatedly voiced the concern
that without action, some homeowners would not be able to afford large
increases in their flood insurance premiums and in turn, could lose
their homes. Also, without action, many Americans and Georgians could
see their home values plummet, crippling local housing markets and
causing local economies to decline. I look forward to working with my
friends in the House to ensure that flood insurance is both affordable
and sustainable for the American people.
What's on Tap?
Next week, the Senate will resume consideration of the conference
report to the five-year farm bill, H.R.2642.
On Monday, I look forward to speaking to the Atlanta Rotary Club with
U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, R-N.H., on the topic of our Biennial
Budgeting and Appropriations Act, S.554. Our bipartisan legislation
would help end reckless spending and reform the federal budget process
by converting it from an annual spending process to a two-year cycle
, with one year for appropriating
federal dollars and the other year devoted to much-needed oversight of
federal programs.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
January 31, 2014
Dear Friends,
This week, Georgia experienced a difficult
several days due to the snow and ice storm that occurred on Tuesday, Jan. 28, 2014. My thoughts and prayers
were, and are, with all those affected by this unfortunate event.
Also on Tuesday, President Obama delivered
the annual State of the Union address, and I was disappointed with what he had to say. America is not
on the right track. Since the president took office, median household income is down nearly $4,000, job
opportunities are less during this protracted time of unemployment, and the American people are concerned
for their future and the future of their children.
The president called for 2014 to be a
&#8216;year of action.&#8217; I urge the president to take action on several items, including the
Workforce
Investment Act ,
which I have been working
on for more than a year with House and Senate Republicans and Democrats. The
Workforce
Investment Act
hasn&#8217;t been reauthorized
in six years. We ought to pass this legislation to expand job training and opportunity.
Additionally, we need Trade Promotion
Authority granted to the president so he can initiate further and aggressive trade agreements around
the world.
Furthermore, we need to address Obamacare,
which is inflicting a great deal of pain on the American people, especially in terms of higher premiums,
cancelled coverage and fewer choices. Obamacare is also causing Americans to lose their jobs or forcing
them into part-time employment.
&#8206; Lastly, the crowning
blow is the president&#8217;s failure to sign the Keystone XL Pipeline agreement, which sits on his desk
and would immediately bring jobs to America and promote energy independence in our country.
Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability
Act
On Thursday, the Senate passed the
Homeowner
Flood Insurance Affordability Act , which
would protect millions of homeowners from being hit by huge flood insurance premium rate hikes. The legislation
would also require the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to complete an affordability study
and propose real solutions to address affordability issues before any flood insurance premiums can be
raised in the future.
The bill, S.1926, which I introduced
with Sen. Robert Menendez, D-N.J., was approved by the Senate this week by a vote of 67 to 32.
Specifically, S.1926, delays the implementation
of certain provisions contained in the Biggert-Waters law that was enacted in 2012.
I have worked with Republicans and Democrats
for several months on the flood insurance legislation, and I am delighted that the Senate came together
in a bipartisan manner this week to protect millions of Americans from the steep increases in their annual
flood insurance premiums. Throughout the process, I have repeatedly voiced the concern that without action,
some homeowners would not be able to afford large increases in their flood insurance premiums and in
turn, could lose their homes. Also, without action, many Americans and Georgians could see their home
values plummet, crippling local housing markets and causing local economies to decline. I look forward
to working with my friends in the House to ensure that flood insurance is both affordable and sustainable
for the American people.
What&#8217;s on Tap? Next
week, the Senate will resume consideration of the conference report to the five-year farm bill, H.R.2642.
On Monday, I look forward to speaking
to the Atlanta Rotary Club with U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, R-N.H., on the topic of our
Biennial
Budgeting and Appropriations Act , S.554.
Our
bipartisan
legislation would help end reckless spending and reform the federal budget process by converting it from
an annual spending process to a two-year cycle ,
with one year for appropriating federal dollars and the other year devoted to much-needed oversight of
federal programs.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
