DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Share on:
News Brief
Message from Dave
Dear Friends,
How about those Seahawks?! Thank you to everyone who sent us pictures of their 12 th
man pride.
What an amazing time for sports in our state, first the Super Bowl and then sending two of our own, Torin Koos and Patrick Deneen, from the 8 th
Congressional District to the Olympics.
As fun as it has been to watch the home team earn their first Super Bowl title and to root for our Olympians, theres been a lot going on other than sports, both in Washington State and in DC.
Two weeks ago, the president delivered his
annual State of the Union address , and I was pleased to hear him speak about many issues important to Washington State.
He spoke about important legislative priorities such as comprehensive tax reform, job-creating trade agreements, and immigration reform.
In the 8 th
District, these initiatives will make sure that your taxes are lower, simpler, and fairer; that our software, airplanes, outdoor apparel, coffee, apples, and cherries can be sold around the world; and that our high-tech and agricultural companies have the workers they need to compete in the global market.
Another issue that clearly still needs to be addressed is the failures of the healthcare law.
During my most recent trip back to Washington State, I met with many different members of the healthcare community and I continue to hear about the problems this law is causing.
I have repeatedly
asked for answers in different hearings
as well as addressed this issue on the House floor, and I will continue to do so until real answers are provided.
During my recent district travels, Ive had some wonderful opportunities spending time with some of our youngest citizens at various schools and education programs.
Among those I met were students at Tahoma Jr. High and Kentlake High School.
It is never too early to learn the importance of community involvement as well as what you are capable of when you dont give up on yourself.
You may also have caught
my article in the Tacoma News Tribune
on what we can be doing to prevent our foster youth from becoming victims of sex-trafficking.
As Chairman of the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Human Resources, I am focused on doing everything I can protect those in our child welfare system so that they are not victims of this terrible crime. This week, I will be introducing bipartisan legislation based on what my Subcommittee has heard from experts, and victims themselves, in hearings. The bill will focus on ensuring youth are not vulnerable to traffickers in the first place.
Next Wednesday in Auburn, I will be holding a field hearing focusing on local efforts to prevent trafficking and raising awareness of this tragedy.
This is an area where we must come together to make a difference in these girls and boys lives.
I look forward to being back in the District in just a few short days where I will have the opportunity to engage with many of you.
Until then, dont hesitate to reach out and dont forget to follow me on
facebook ,
twitter , and
instagram !
Dave
From the
NEWSROOM
Rep. Reichert received an award from the Century Council recognizing Members of Congress who have demonstrated an exceptional commitment to fighting to reduce and eliminate drunk driving and underage drinking.
Congressman Reichert met with students from the University of Washington who are members of the Washington Students for Israel.
They discussed different aspects of U.S. relations with Israel and how these allies support one another.
Other News Items:
-
Reichert statement on House passage of final Farm Bill
-
Reichert urges more action on sex trafficking prevention
-
Pierce County Health visit
-
Reichert: Omnibus bill brings benefits to Washington State
-
Reichert introduces critical legislation to improve healthcare for lymphedema patients
-
Reichert congratulates teachers on National Board Certifications
Website
|
Privacy
|
Contact
|
Multimedia
|
Newsroom
|
Click Here Click Here