
Saturday, February 22, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
Today, I would like to provide you with some updates from my work week in District 28.
$62 Million to Modernize and Improve International Bridges
Congressman Cuellar speaking about the importance of modernizing Laredo's bridges to promote international trade and boost the economy of District 28.
On Tuesday, I joined Deputy Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security Alejandro Mayorkas, General Services Administration Administrator Dan Tangherlini to announce $62 million in federal investment to improve and modernize Laredos international bridges. This funding means pedestrians will no longer have to wait in long lines in the heat and buses and cars will pass more quickly across the border. It will also increase the safety of our border communities and allow for better flow of trade and commerce through our ports.
Zapata EDC Earns $400K Federal Investment
I am very happy to announce this investment in Zapata County and look forward to seeing the transformative impact it will have on the community. Zapata has huge untapped potential for growth and this funding will pave the way for an increased profile for the County for economic investment. The fund will be used to increase the region's competitiveness, map the region's assets and develop a list of target industries that will drive economic growth.
More growth in Zapata means more businesses, more jobs, and more opportunities. I congratulate the Zapata Economic Development Corporation and the County for their dedication in making Zapata a better place to live, work, and raise a family.
Univision 41 San Antonio is Recognized
My outreach coordinator for Bexar County, Pete Arguello, presented the certificate and discussed the importance of disseminating useful information to residents with Jeff Zimmerman, Vice President and General Manager of Univision SA, and Dr. Maria Hernandez Ferrier, President of Texas A&amp;M San Antonio.
Univision 41 returned to downtown San Antonio and opened up their new studio this week. My outreach coordinator presented them with a Congressional Certificate of Recognition and congratulated them for opening their new location. The move was possible through a partnership with Texas A&amp;M San Antonio and is bound to benefit San Antonio residents with even faster news updates and dissemination of useful information.
TAMIU welcomes Azerbaijan Ambassador
The students of Texas A&amp;M International University's Leadership Program welcomed a special guest on Friday, Elin Suleymanov. The Azerbaijan ambassador to the United States presented a lecture titled "The U.S.-Azerbaijan Relations: The Unresolved Conflicts in Eurasia." Students were able to participate and ask questions regarding the United States' role in international affairs.
I am glad that my office was able to coordinate with TAMIU to bring this great learning opportunity and distinguished guest, and I also thank Ambassador Suleymanov for taking the time to engage with the students.
Latest Twitter Updates
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
P.S. Please keep in touch by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
I look forward to hearing from you!
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Valley Town Crier, 2/20/14: " Mayorkas pushes efforts to secure borders and ease travel "
Laredo Morning Times, 2/20/14: " Azerbaijan ambassador to visit university "
Laredo Morning Times, 2/21/14: " Congressman Cuellar urges site cleanup "
NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICE HOURS
My outreach coordinators will be out in the community to meet with constituents and answer questions about how my office can help.
Tuesday, Feb. 25
Poteet City Hall
474 Avenue H
10:00am -11:00am
Poteet, TX
Lytle City Hall
14916 Main
12:00pm - 1:00pm
Lytle, TX
CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS
Joint Hearing to Receive the Legislative Presentation of the Disabled American Veterans
2:00 PM | 345 Cannon House Office Building Washington DC
Host:
Committee on Veterans' Affairs
| Full Committee
Inspector General Report: Allegations of Improper Lobbying and Obstruction at the Department of Housing and Urban Development
10:00 AM | 2128 Rayburn HOB
Host:
Committee on Financial Services
| Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations
American Energy Jobs: Opportunities for Veterans
10:00 AM | 1324 Longworth House Office Building, Washington, D.C. 20515
Host:
Committee on Natural Resources
The State of Efforts to Stop Human Trafficking
10:00 AM | H-309 Capitol
Host:
Committee on Appropriations
| Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies
Federal Investments in Neuroscience Research
10:00 AM | H-309 Capitol
Host:
Committee on Appropriations
| Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here