DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
My Thoughts on the State of the Union Address
Im disappointed that the President again talked about going around Congress. Tuesday night, I sat next to my Democratic counterpart on the Health Subcommittee, Frank Pallone. Last year, we worked together to get six bills from our subcommittee signed into law. That is proof that we can cooperate in a bipartisan manner and get things done. In fact, GOP leadership followed up the Presidents address with a letter outlining bills the House passed last year that match up with the Presidents agenda. For more details on these proposals read my
OP-ED
for this week.
State Department to Publish Another Review of Keystone XL Pipeline
As the President called for further investment in job creating infrastructure programs in the State of the Union, there was no mention of the ongoing review of the Keystone XL pipeline. The
Washington Post
actually awarded four Pinocchios to an ad opposing the project that ran on networks after the speech. Today, the State Department released their environmental review and now the White House will have a few months to decide whether to accept the findings. The report confirms that the project is environmentally safe and that its approval or denial would not effect worldwide emissions.
House Passes Bill to Stop Taxpayer Funding of Abortion
H.R. 7, the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act passed the House earlier this week. This bill puts strong protections into law that would prevent any taxpayer money from subsidizing abortion. That includes preventing Obamacare subsidies from going to plans that cover abortion. The bill passed the House of Representatives with six Democrats also voting for it. Even many Americans who support abortion dont think that taxpayer funds should go to support it. For years, important amendments to the appropriations bills like the Hyde amendment have protected taxpayers. Its far past time that these protections were written into permanent law and strengthened to also cover Obamacare.
Employees Shocked by Increased Cost of Insurance
I personally have been hearing for months now from constituents who have seen their health insurance premiums and deductibles spiking under new Obamacare regulations. Pittsburgh television station WTAE sat in this week as employees of a small business found out about their increased costs. Everyone at the firm, from the owner to unmarried employees with no children are seeing their costs go up. The news report is a potent illustration of how Obamacare breaks the first promise from the President that the law would save Americans money and provide affordable care. To watch the video,
CLICK HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: Why Go Around?
When you go home from work after a long day, do you take a bumpy road that takes additional miles and time? Of course not, you take the most direct, fastest route even if there are some lights and traffic. Why go out of your way when all you want to do is get home? READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
With Obamacare, the Definition of Success Keeps Changing
Rep. Pitts talks about how the administration keeps changing the definition of success when it comes to Obamacare exchange enrollment.
Obamacare Needs to be More Transparent
Rep. Pitts opens up debate on legislation to make Obamacare website data more transparent.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here