
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
FEBRUARY 21, 2014
I had a busy week traveling across Kentucky, meeting with fellow Kentuckians and discussing important issues. Here is an update on the events.
Dr. Paul Testifies in Support of Restoring Voting Rights in Kentucky
On Wednesday, I appeared in front of the Kentucky Senate State &amp; Local Government Committee to testify in support of restoring the right to vote for many non-violent ex-offenders in Kentucky after they have completed their sentences. The right to vote is among the most important rights we have and I told the committee that one mistake in life shouldn't permanently block a citizen's access to the ballot box.
The committee approved a version of House Bill 70, a proposed constitutional amendment that would restore the right to vote in Kentucky for many non-violent felons who have completed their sentences. Later in the day, the full Kentucky Senate voted 34-4 to pass the measure. Over the past several years, the Kentucky House of Representatives has repeatedly approved measures restoring the right to vote for many Kentuckians. This is the first time the Senate has advanced the issue.
On Jan. 16, the Kentucky House passed a different version of HB 70 by a vote of 82-12. I am now urging the General Assembly to agree on final passage of a proposed amendment so that it may be placed on the ballot for voters to decide this fall.
I also plan to push at the federal level for restoration of voting rights in federal elections for non-violent offenders who have completed their sentences.
Click
HERE
to watch video from KET of the Senate committee hearing, including my testimony.
(Dr. Paul joins Raoul Cunningham, president of the Louisville chapter of the NAACP, State Rep. Jeff Hoover, Kentucky Agriculture Commissioner James Comer and Rep. Jesse Crenshaw to testify in support of restoring voting rights in Kentucky - Feb. 19, 2014)
Dr. Paul Joins Kentucky Agriculture Commissioner Comer to Announce Plan to Revitalize Eastern Kentucky Economy
On Monday, Sen. Mitch McConnell and I joined Kentucky Agriculture Commissioner James Comer for a big announcement for Eastern Kentucky. The event was held at the Knott County Sportsplex in Leburn, Ky.
Commissioner Comer presented a five-point plan for Eastern Kentucky that included the introduction of the "Appalcahia Proud" brand, a regional expansion of the Kentucky Proud brand. Commissioner Comer's plan also includes my Economic Freedom Zone proposal, as well as the implementation of the hemp pilot program that was made possible by the recent passage of the farm bill.
Click
HERE
to read a story from the
Lexington Herald-Leader
about the announcement.
Click
HERE
to read more about my Economic Freedom Zone plan.
(Dr. Paul speaks at the announcement for Eastern Kentucky in Leburn - Feb. 17, 2014)
Dr. Paul Visits Hazard, Hyden, Tyner and London
Also on Monday, Sen. McConnell, Commissioner Comer and I visited several communities in Eastern Kentucky to talk about Comer's announcement and discuss economic freedom and opportunity for the area.
We spoke to the Hazard/Perry County Chamber of Commerce at Hazard Community College, participated in a community forum in Hyden, and also visited Wildcat Harley-Davidson in London for a meet and greet event. Commissioner Comer and I also participated in an event in Jackson County at the Regional Food Center and Farmers Market.
Click
HERE
for a story from the
Hazard Herald
about our visit to Hazard.
Dr. Paul and Commissioner Comer Visit Corbin, Harlan and Pikeville
On Tuesday, Commissioner Comer and I continued our travel in Eastern Kentucky. We visited Corbin for a meet and greet event, participated in a community forum in Harland and spoke to the Southeast Kentucky Chamber of Commerce in Pikeville.
Click
HERE
for a story from the
News Journal
about our visit to Corbin, and click
HERE
for a story from WYMT about our visit to Pikeville.
(Dr. Paul meets with fellow Kentuckians at the Dixie Cafe in Corbin - Feb. 18, 2014)
(Sen. Paul speaks at the Dixie Cafe in Corbin - Feb. 18, 2014)
Dr. Paul Visits Shelbyville for Meet and Greet Event
Also on Wednesday, I visited Shelbyville for a meet and greet event.
Click
HERE
for photos on Facebook taken by Laura Stanton Photography from my visit to Shelbyville.
(Dr. Paul meets with fellow Kentuckians at Harvest Coffee &amp; Cafe in Shelbyville - Feb. 19, 2014. Photo credit: Laura Stanton Photography)
Media Wrap-Up
This past week, I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Alan Watts of WKDZ/WHVO, Brian Thomas of 55KRC, and Leland Conway of WHAS. I also penned an Op-Ed in the Guardian;
"The NSA is still violating our rights, despite what James Clapper says."
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, hundreds of thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors. Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare story.
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the right staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Twitter account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
