
North Star Newsletter | February 2014
What Will the Comcast-Time Warner Deal Mean for Your Cable Bill?
I'm very concerned that Comcast's proposed acquisition of Time Warner Cable will result in higher costs, fewer choices, and even worse service for consumers. Minnesotans are already being squeezed by rising cable and Internet bills, and often, they don't have a real choice for an alternative.
Comcast is already the biggest cable and broadband Internet provider in the country. Time Warner Cable is the second biggest cable provider and third biggest broadband provider. And now they're looking to combine, concentrating even more market power in fewer hands. What consumers in Minnesota and across the country need is more competition, not less. I'm worried that this proposed deal takes us in the wrong direction.
Right after I learned about the proposed acquisition, I wrote to federal regulators to express my deep concerns. Soon we'll be holding a hearing in the Senate Judiciary Committee, of which I'm a member, and we'll be looking into the proposal closely to see how it might affect consumers in Minnesota and across the country.
We just can't end up in a situation where cable companies are getting bigger and bigger, all at the expense of consumers who end up with fewer choices and higher prices.
Helping Alleviate the Propane Shortage
With Minnesota experiencing one of the coldest winters in memory, the propane shortage has been a hardship for thousands of families, businesses, and farmers in our state and across the region who rely on the fuel. A perfect storm of events created the shortage and caused prices to shoot up, putting stress on Minnesotans' pocketbooks and endangering people's lives and livelihoods.
That's why I've been working on several fronts to address the shortage. I led the Minnesota congressional delegation in pressing the Administration to do everything it can to help, and in response, the Administration released heating assistance funds and allowed truckers to continue driving additional hours to deliver propane to the affected regions. And then, in an unprecedented move, federal regulators ordered a pipeline to start shipping more propane from Texas up north.
As Chairman of the Energy Subcommittee, I'm also going to continue my oversight of the federal government in order to help prevent this from happening again. With more than 250,000 homes, businesses, and farming operations in our state relying on propane, we need to make sure that Minnesotans aren't left out in the cold.
Protecting Minnesotans' Right to Privacy
I believe Americans have a fundamental right to privacy, and that right includes the ability to control who is getting your personal information and who it's being shared with. When I heard about a new facial recognition app for Google Glass that lets strangers get names, photos, and even dating website profiles simply by looking at someone on the street, I had some serious concerns.
This app would work on "jailbroken" Google Glass devices that have been modified to override Google's ban on facial recognition apps for Glass. So I pressed NameTag, the producer of the app, to make sure that the facial recognition feature only works for people who have chosen to opt in to it. I also asked the Department of Commerce to work with technology industries to come up with best practices for facial recognition technology, and this month, they've started the process to do just that. I also asked NameTag to delay launching their app until those best practices are established.
Protecting Minnesotans' and Americans' consumer right to privacy has been a priority for me since coming to the Senate, and I will continue to scrutinize the privacy implications of new technologies like facial recognition.
Farm Bill is Finally Law
After years of working on a five-year Farm Bill, I'm happy to say that it is now law and Minnesota's farmers, ranchers, and rural communities finally have the certainty they need to plan for the future.
The law, signed by the President earlier this month, is the result of a bipartisan effort to reform and modernize our agriculture programs, strengthen the farm safety net, and help create jobs and economic vitality in rural communities across the country. Also, it saves money&mdash;billions of dollars that can reduce our budget deficit.
I took an active role in helping write portions of the bill, including the energy section, which will help produce homegrown jobs and support rural communities all across our state.
And with the average age of Minnesota farmers in the mid-50s, I was glad the bill included additional funding that I fought for to assist beginning farmers as they're just starting out. With one in five jobs in Minnesota connected to agriculture, the Farm Bill has been a top priority for me, and I am very glad that we finally finished the job.
To unsubscribe from these newsletters, please visit the unsubscribe page here: http://franken.senate.gov/?p=newsletter_unsub
