
Sunday, January 17, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
Today, I would like to provide you with some updates from my work week in Washington, D.C.
High Speed Rail from San Antonio to Monterrey
Congressman Cuellar meets with Secretary of Transportation, Anthony Foxx, the Texas Department of Transportation, and officials from the Mexican State of Nuevo Len to discuss plans for a high speed rail from San Antonio to Monterrey.
On Thursday, I held a meeting with the Secretary of Transportation, Anthony Foxx, the Texas Department of Transportation, and officials from Mexican State of Nuevo Len, including Mexican federal Congressman Marco Gonzalez, about plans for a high speed rail from San Antonio to Monterrey through the Colombia Bridge in Laredo.
A high speed rail between San Antonio and Monterrey would revolutionize trade and travel between the United States and Mexico.
Imagine a day when a San Antonian could travel potentially under two hours to visit a friend, relative, or business contact in Mexico
further linking both countries economies, people, and culture.
This move would further put South Texas on the map
For more information, please read some of the news stories published after the meeting:
Fox News Latino - Next-Generation Border Crossing: First-Ever High Speed Train To Connect US ...
San Antonio Express - Fast train to Monterrey on the horizon
McAllen Monitor - Officials discussing Texas-Mexico high-speed rail line
Texas Tribune - Officials Discussing Texas-Mexico High-Speed Rail Line
Adding 2,000 More CBP Officers to the Border
Congressman Cuellar meets with former Field Operations Director for U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Gene Garza to discuss resources for the border.
This week, I announced that Customs and Border Protection (CBP) will receive $225.7 million in funds to hire 2,000 more men and women in blue as part of the Fiscal Year 2014 Appropriations Bill.
Increasing the number of men and women in blue who man our ports of entry is a huge step in addressing delays at our ports of entry. As a Member of the Appropriations Committee, I work to ensure that CBP has the personnel and tools to protect our border, keep lines short, and move goods and people efficiently.
This new increase of CBP officers will achieve the goal of facilitating trade, travel and boost economic development.
For more information, please read:
Houston Chronicle - Cuellar Announces Funds for 2,000 More CBP Agents
Protecting Military Bases in San Antonio
Congressman Cuellar meets with staff at the Randolph military base Independent School District during a recent visit and discusses ways in which his office can be of assistance.
As Military City USA, San Antonio has a long and proud history as a center of support of the armed forces. This week, the Fiscal Year 2014 Appropriations Bill passed the House and Senate with an amendment I successfully added that directs the federal government to evaluate closing overseas bases before domestic ones.
This amendment, which is now included into law, asks for a comprehensive inventory evaluation of our military bases overseas and helps protect our military bases in San Antonio. I believe the Department of Defense should assess overseas bases first to avoid the unnecessary closure of U.S. domestic bases.
Texas Historical Marker Dedication for Mission Church
Alexis Gallegos, my Hidalgo County Outreach Coordinator, meets with constituents at the Texas Historical Marker Dedication Ceremony for the First Presbyterian Church of Mission.
This past weekend, my Hidalgo County Outreach Coordinator Alexis Gallegos attended the Texas Historical Marker Dedication Ceremony for First Presbyterian Church of Mission Texas, which has served the community for over 100 years. President Eisenhower, Governor Shivers, General Frank McCoy and William Jennings Bryan are amongst a few whom have attended services at First Presbyterian Church.
Congratulations to the Church for its historical achievement!
Follow Me on Twitter
As always, please keep in touch by following me on Facebook or Twitter.
I look forward to hearing from you!
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
CONNECT
Next Week, the House of Representatives is in Recess.
Neighborhood Office Hours
Tuesday, January 21st
Campbellton/Callihan
9am-10am
Call for Appt.
McMullen County Courthouse
Commissioners Court Room
SH 16 at Elm Street
10:30am-11:30am
Adkins (call office for appointment)
10:30am-11:30am
Christine (call for appointment)
1:30pm-2:30pm
Windcrest City Hall
8601 Midcrown
Windcrest, Texas
2:30pm-3:30pm
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here