DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | February 13, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
Across the state, Californians are experiencing the effects of one of the worst droughts in recent memory. Residents are being asked to conserve water and communities are facing unprecedented shortages. Despite declaring an official emergency, little has been done to alleviate the pain caused by the drought. We need to do more than pay lip service when it comes to helping the farmers and consumers who will be affected by the lack of water.
Thats why I voted in favor of the Sacramento-San Joaquin Valley Emergency Water Delivery Act, legislation which passed in the House of Representatives on February 5th. This bill helps address drought conditions by restoring water deliveries to California communities and streamlining regulations that have contributed to our water woes. The bill would open the Delta pumps to increase the amount of water flowing to our agricultural sector and halt programs that have prioritized ideological zeal over scientific facts.
Despite rulings rejecting the junk-science that has halted the pumps in favor of a fish (the three-inch long Delta Smelt), the state continues to allow much-needed fresh water to flow into the ocean instead of storage tanks or farmers fields. In the past two years alone, 1.6 million acre feet of water was flushed out to the sea in the name of Delta Smelt protection.
Refusing to take measurable steps to alleviate drought conditions will have serious consequences for Californias economy. According to a UC Davis report, 270,000 acres of farmland were left fallow, and $340 million in revenue and nearly 10,000 jobs were lost during the drought in 2009. With nearly half of U.S.-produced fruits, vegetables, and nuts coming from California, the rest of the nation is also seeing the effects of our misguided water policies. We cant control the weather, but we can do everything in our power to provide the water our farmers so desperately need.
I also want to thank all of those who attended our LA County Paying for College Seminar in Diamond Bar on January 17th. Over 400 students and their families joined us and heard from keynote speaker Rebekah Bell, whose opinion piece on how to graduate from college debt-free was featured in the Wall Street Journal. The seminar also provided information about financing options and included representatives from local colleges and universities who spoke with attendees. Make sure to visit
www.Royce.house.gov
for updates on upcoming education events in the 39th district.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for the Week of February 10, 2014
RSVP Today for Royce's 6th Annual Women's Conference
Have you RSVP'd yet for Rep. Royce's 6th Annual Women's Conference? Model, actress and UNICEF Ambassador Angie Harmon will be this year's keynote speaker to talk about her important work fighting the tragedy of human trafficking. The event will also feature breakout sessions on how to keep your personal information safe online, savvy financial planning, work-life balance tips, and nutritional advice. Details on the breakout sessions and speakers can be found
here . Taking place on Saturday, March 15th at Cal State Fullerton's Titan Student Center, the event is free to attend.
RSVP Here .
GAO Report Supports Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act
The Government Accountability Office (GAO) expressed support for tying student loan interest rates to the market instead of setting them in advance
a strategy advanced by the Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act, legislation supported by Rep. Royce and recently signed into law. "This legislation ensures that students can take advantage of lower interests rates when available," said Royce. "The GAO report makes it clear that tying rates to the market will mean a fairer system for both students and taxpayers. To read the full report, entitled Borrower Interest Rates Cannot Be Set in Advance to Precisely and Consistently Balance Federal Revenues and Costs, click
here .
EVENTS
March 7, 2014 : A member of Rep. Ed Royce's staff will be available for mobile office hours on Thursday, March 7th in the Red Tailed Hawk Room in the City Clerks Office at Chino Hills City Hall (14000 City Center Dr.). Mobile office hours provide an opportunity for constituents to meet with Rep. Royce's staff members for assistance with a variety of services and issues.
Read More.
March 15, 2014:
Rep. Royce's 6th Annual Women's Conference will take place on Saturday, March 15th at Cal State Fullerton's Titan Student Center. Actress and UNICEF Ambassador Angie Harmon, best known for her role as Assistant District Attorney 'Abbie Carmichael' on NBCs Emmy Award-winning drama Law &amp; Order, will be this year's keynote speaker. The free event begins at 9:00 am.
RSVP and Learn More.
In Case You Missed It
In an opinion piece for the
Orange County Register
entitled "Common sense reforms for the California water crisis," Rep. Royce highlighted the need for serious reforms to the state's water supply as well as his support for the Sacramento-San Joaquin Valley Emergency Water Delivery Act. Royce wrote that the legislation, which passed last week in the House of Representatives, "streamlines the regulatory mess that has contributed to our water woes...It would open the pumps to increase the amount of water flowing to our agricultural sector and halt programs that have prioritized ideological zeal over scientific facts."
Read More.
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Foreign Intrigue Blog
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here