
Monday, Feb. 17, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Make sure to enable photos in your email browser!
It's the Law ... Sort of!
O ff-the-cuff changes and delays to the ACA, decided by the President without proper legislative authority, confuse and confound American individuals and businesses alike. More so, these actions by the administration trample the Constitution and upend the vital balance of power the framers intended.
Were taking action in the House. Legislation Ive cosponsored seeks to stop these abuses; the Stop This Overreaching Presidency Resolution ( H.Res. 442 ) calls for civil action and a judicial injunction to challenge the rampant abuses by President Obama.
President Obama has said, "We're going to do everything we can, wherever we can, with or without Congress." Members of Congress were elected to represent "We the People" as well.
We were formed as a nation of laws - laws crafted by representatives of the people. America achieved great things by adhering to the principles of our legal framework. The fundamental genius of the American Republic came from the simple, yet absolute, affirmation that we as a nation operate by rule of law, law crafted by the many, not the one.
You can read my full column here .
Table of Contents
Working for Ohioans
Featured Legislation
Featured Policy Letter
Veterans Legislation
Help w/ Federal Agencies
Local School Visits
March for Life
Pensions Restored
2014 Issues Survey
Working for Ohioans
Click image or here to watch
Bill wrote me last week, saying all he wants to do is work, to earn his own way.
And yet, we have the White House celebrating the reduction of 2.5 million full-time jobs due entirely to Obamacare - 5 years into this weak economy. This is a disservice to Bill and every other Ohioan out there looking for a job.
In the House we have solutions to help Bill and others in his situation. Legislative initiatives like the
SKILLS Act
and energy opportunities, which passed the House last year, would help get America working again.
We need Harry Reid and the Senate to act. Bill and other out-of-work Ohioans need Harry Reid to act, so they can access the job-training they need and get the work they want so passionately.
We need partners in the Senate and in the White House who are committed to unleashing the power of the American worker and the American economy.
Featured Cosponsorship
H.R. 3154:
Rewarding Achievement &amp; Incentivizing Successful Employees Act
Featured Policy Letter
Bi-partisan letter urging OSHA to stop regulating small farming operations
Have a bill or letter you would like me to support?
Let me know here .
More Ways to Connect
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Wenstrup Veterans Legislation Passes House
Last year, I introduced a piece of legislation that would help homeless veterans with job
training, H.R. 1305. Specifically, this legislation would ensure that veterans receiving housing assistance under a federal voucher program are not barred from participating in a job training program administered by the Department of Labor.
I'm proud that last week, the House of Representatives unanimously passed the GI Bill Tuition Fairness Act of 2013, H.R. 357. A section of the bill included my legislation, H.R. 1305. The legislation next heads to the Senate to be considered.
Read More Here
Need Help with a Federal Agency?
One of my most important duties as your Representative is to help the residents of Ohio's Second District with any problems they may encounter with a federal agency.
If you or someone you know is having an issue with a federal agency, such as the V.A., Social Security Administration, IRS, or or even their passport, my office is here to help.
Visit my website
here
to fill out and print a privacy release form, so that my office can get you the needed help. You can also call my local office at (513) 474-7777.
Visiting Lynchburg-Clay High School
I had a great time speaking with students at Lynchburg-Clay High School last month
Are you a student and want me to stop by your class?
Tweet me at
@RepBradWenstrup
March for Life
In January, I joined hundreds of Ohioans for the 41st March for Life in Washington D.C. It was great to see so many brave the cold to stand for life.
Read why I Stand Strong for Life
Meeting with students after the march -
See more photos here
Thanking those who serve
Veteran Pension Cuts Restored
This week, the House of Representatives voted to restore cuts to the pensions of current service members and veterans. I voted against the original budget compromise that contained these cuts to the cost-of-living adjustments (COLA) in veterans pensions, and supported the COLA restoration this week.
When these men and women made their commitment to selflessly serve our nation, we made a commitment to them.
Take the 2014 Issues Survey
I represent you, Ohioans of the 2nd District, and I want to hear where you stand on the issues of the day.
Click here to take a survey about some of the issues facing Congress in 2014.
I know most issues are not black and white with simple yes or no answers, and realize this survey doesn't cover every issue out there, but your participation helps me know where constituents in 2nd district stand. You can always email me your thoughts on any specific issue at
www.wenstrup.house.gov/contact .
Q: Should a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants be included in immigration reform?
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1223 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here