
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Another Missed Opportunity to Address Debt
As I have said repeatedly, one of the greatest threats to America's
future is runaway debt and continued borrowing.
A sobering report recently released by the non-partisan Congressional
Budget Office found that the national debt has exploded since President
Obama took office. Gross federal debt in 2014 is projected to reach
$17.7 trillion, which is a figure larger than our entire economy and an
increase of nearly $7 trillion since President Obama took office.
Given this dire fiscal picture, I voted against legislation to give the
federal government unlimited borrowing authority until March 2015. I
simply could not support raising the debt limit yet again without even
an effort to address our nation's spending problem. I am disappointed
the Senate passed this legislation and continues to avoid the necessary
steps to reduce the deficit and control our debt.
_____
Bill to Stop IRS Targeting and Protect Freedom of Speech
Last year, I called for an investigation into the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) following reports that the agency targeted conservative
groups - including at least one in Indiana - for extra scrutiny based
on their political leanings.
The actions of the IRS were outrageous and disgraceful. Discrimination
against these groups by government officials not only is a violation of
our Constitution, but also contrary to the foundation on which our
nation was built.
This week I supported a bill that would protect the First Amendment
rights of 501(c)(4) organizations by suspending finalization of a
proposed IRS rule that would limit the advocacy activities of these
groups. This rule would open the door for more potential targeting of
Americans exercising their freedom of speech.
The legislation I am advocating would prevent any additional targeting
by restoring the IRS standards in place prior to the agency's scrutiny
of conservative groups in 2010.
The IRS needs return to its focus of being a non-partisan tax agency,
rather than a regulator of speech.
Coats in the News
Coats, Air Force Academy to Host "Academy Day" in Indianapolis
Coats Statement on Military Retiree Pensions Vote
Portman, Coats Offer Amendment to Reform and Pay for Unemployment
Insurance Benefits
Coats: Families Deserve Same Obamacare Exemption as Businesses
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
With Ty Warner (Northwestern Indiana Regional Planning Commission
Executive Director), Dave Shafer (Munster Clerk-Treasurer), Blair Milo
(LaPorte Mayor), Geof Benson (Beverly Shores Town Council President),
and Brian Snedecor (Hobart Mayor).
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Another Missed Opportunity to Address Debt
As I have said repeatedly, one of the greatest threats to America&#8217;s future is runaway debt
and continued borrowing.
A sobering report recently released by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office found that the
national debt has exploded since President Obama took office. Gross federal debt in 2014 is projected
to reach $17.7 trillion, which is a figure larger than our entire economy and an increase of nearly
$7 trillion since President Obama took office.
Given this dire fiscal picture, I voted against legislation to give the federal government
unlimited borrowing authority until March 2015. I simply could not support raising the debt limit
yet again without even an effort to address our nation&#8217;s spending problem. I am disappointed the
Senate passed this legislation and continues to avoid the necessary steps to reduce the deficit and control
our debt.
Bill
to Stop IRS Targeting and Protect Freedom of Speech
Last
year, I called for an investigation into the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) following reports that the
agency targeted conservative groups &#8211; including at least one in Indiana &#8211; for extra scrutiny
based on their political leanings.
The actions of the IRS were outrageous and disgraceful. Discrimination against these groups by
government officials not only is a violation of our Constitution, but also contrary to the foundation
on which our nation was built.
This week I supported a bill that would protect the First Amendment rights of 501(c)(4) organizations
by suspending finalization of a proposed IRS rule that would limit the advocacy activities of these groups.
This rule would open the door for more potential targeting of Americans exercising their freedom of speech.
The legislation I am advocating would prevent any additional targeting by restoring the IRS
standards in place prior to the agency&#8217;s scrutiny of conservative groups in 2010.
The IRS needs return to its focus of being a non-partisan tax agency, rather than a regulator
of speech.
Coats
in the News
Coats,
Air Force Academy to Host &#8220;Academy Day&#8221; in Indianapolis
Coats
Statement on Military Retiree Pensions Vote
Portman,
Coats Offer Amendment to Reform and Pay for Unemployment Insurance Benefits
Coats:
Families Deserve Same Obamacare Exemption as Businesses
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
With Ty Warner (Northwestern Indiana Regional Planning Commission
Executive Director), Dave Shafer ( Munster
Clerk-Treasurer), Blair Milo
(LaPorte Mayor), Geof Benson (Beverly Shores
Town Council President ),
and Brian Snedecor (Hobart Mayor).
To unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
