
JAN
24
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
I believe it's vitally important for New Hampshire citizens to have the opportunity to speak with me directly about what's on their minds, and town hall meetings are a valuable way for me to provide an update on what's happening in Washington and to hear from Granite Staters about their priorities.
On the road in New Hampshire this week, I held six public town hall meetings -- in Laconia, Hooksett, Weare, Kingston, Somersworth, and Moultonborough. The input I get from the people of New Hampshire is so important to my work on Capitol Hill, and I appreciated the time that citizens took to listen and ask questions on several topics - including health care, the budget, Social Security, and unfair cuts to military retirees' benefits.
See below for news coverage about my town hall meetings in
Laconia ,
Somersworth , and
Weare .
I also heard from Granite Staters who are concerned about the condition of our state's transportation infrastructure - our roads, bridges, and ports.
I recently helped introduce a bipartisan bill that would help state and local governments finance infrastructure initiatives - without using taxpayer dollars.
See below for more information about this effort.
Following reports that the U.S. military has received a video that shows U.S. Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl may be alive, I wrote to the Secretary of Defense this week asking for an update on efforts to find and bring home the missing soldier.
This June will mark five years since Sgt. Bergdahl was captured by the Taliban, and the Pentagon must redouble its efforts to find him and return him safely to his family. Read my letter
here .
Please read on for more news from my office - and stay warm if you're out and about this weekend!
Highlights from Ayotte's Town Hall Tour
Ayotte explains economic issues at Weare meeting
By Nancy Bean Foster,
Union Leader
January 23, 2014
WEARE - While the state of the economy was high on Sen. Kelly Ayotte's agenda at a town hall meeting at the Weare Middle School Wednesday, the audience had other things on its mind. Ayotte led the open forum, attended by about 25 people, with a presentation about the U.S. economy and her efforts to curb spending and make the government more efficient.
Her view of the current fiscal situation was simple.
"If you're spending more than you take in, that's a big problem because you can't pay your bills," she said. Read more.
Tackling the budget
By Tim Camerato,
Laconia Citizen
January 23, 2014
LACONIA - Rolling back the nation's debt, the recent budget deal made in Washington and the Affordable Care Act were among the topics discussed by Senator Kelly Ayotte Wednesday morning during a a town hall meeting at the Laconia VFW.
Ayotte said the nation needs start worrying about its debt. She said the current debt stands at about $17 trillion, with a $680 billion deficit slated for 2013.
She said that $680 billion isn't insignificant. With it, the country could "pay for all of the 2013 salaries for every professional baseball player for the next 222 years."
Ayotte said the Obama administration isn't only to blame, with $4.9 trillion in debt added during the Bush administration.
"I like to say the debt - and I've said this from the beginning - is a bipartisan problem," Ayotte said. "It took two parties to get us into this amount of debt, and it's going to take two parties to get us out."
Read more.
Ayotte, Shaheen Call for Immediate Release of LIHEAP Funds as Cold Weather Continues to Bear Down on New Hampshire
As extreme cold weather continues to bear down on New Hampshire and much of the country, Senator Ayotte and Senator Shaheen today called on Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius to immediately release New Hampshire's federal heating aid funds included in the recently passed government funding bill, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2014. The release of Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) funds would allow low-income families and seniors in New Hampshire to access the critical assistance more quickly.
"The combination of extremely low temperatures and high energy costs are putting significant strain on New Hampshire families this winter, and LIHEAP assistance is needed now," Ayotte and Shaheen wrote in a letter today to Secretary Sebelius. "We urge you to immediately release New Hampshire's full share of LIHEAP funds."
Read the
letter
here.
Boosting Infrastructure Projects - Without Using Taxpayer Dollars
Continuing her efforts to help advance infrastructure projects in New Hampshire and across the nation, Senator Ayotte announced this week that she is backing the Partnership to Build America Act
(S. 1957) - bipartisan legislation that aims to help state and local governments finance initiatives to build or repair roads, bridges, highways, ports, schools, and other infrastructure projects.
Without spending overstretched taxpayer dollars, the Partnership to Build America Act establishes a $50 billion infrastructure fund that can potentially support hundreds of billions in loan guarantees and financing authority for state and local governments. The bill allows U.S. companies to purchase bonds through the fund by allowing them to exclude a certain portion of their overseas earnings from taxation. The amount they are permitted to repatriate for each dollar of bond purchases would be determined by a competitive auction.
Read more.
Ayotte Visits Southern New Hampshire Regional Medical Center
Left - right: Dr. Corin DeChirico (Associate Vice President, Medical Affairs), Dr. Joseph Leahy (Associate Vice President, Medical Director of Emergency Medicine), Thomas E. Wilhelmsen, Jr., (CEO and President of Southern New Hampshire Medical Center), and Senator Ayotte.
During a visit to Southern New Hampshire Regional Medical Center in Nashua on Tuesday, Senator Kelly Ayotte toured the facility and met with staff to discuss issues affecting the hospital, including the roll-out of the health care law and its impact on access to care.
The hospital is one of 10 that is currently excluded from the provider network for plans offered through the state's Obamacare exchange.
Ayotte has expressed concerns that the exclusion of 10 of the state's 26 acute care hospitals from the health insurance exchange is causing Granite Staters to lose their doctors and in some cases, forcing them to drive long distances to receive care.
Ayotte has visited several New Hampshire hospitals in order to hear directly from health care leaders about the implementation of the health care law and how it's impacting the patients they serve.
Ayotte, Begich Help Secure Funding for Mental Health First Aid
Senator Ayotte and Senator Mark Begich (D-AK) and Kelly Ayotte said this week that the recent appropriations bill includes $15 million for mental health first aid training, a program designed to increase community awareness and public safety.
Ayotte and Begich worked together to introduce the Mental Health First Aid Act earlier this year.
"Identifying the warning signs of mental illness and helping individuals get the treatment they need is critical. I've worked across party lines to bolster mental health first aid training, and these resources will help those who work in our schools and communities better understand mental illness and how to help people in crisis get access to care," said Ayotte.
The funding will allow for the availability of grants in order to provide mental health first aid training to schools and colleges.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
