
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Non-Partisan Report Projects Rising National Debt
This week the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) released
its annual Budget and Economic Outlook
. When I read the report, I was stunned.
CBO's findings are not just another siren alerting Washington to the
stark reality that our country desperately needs to address our fiscal
problems. This report is a five-alarm fire.
Here are just a few of the shocking details:
*	America's national debt will continue to rise rapidly over the
next decade, peaking at 79 percent of gross domestic product by 2024.
*	In 2014, the debt is projected to reach $17.7 trillion, an
increase of over $7 trillion since President Obama took office.
*	Mandatory spending and interest on the debt is projected to
consume 94 percent of all federal revenues 10 years from now, squeezing
out funding for other priorities like law enforcement, health research
and defense.
*	Social Security will run cash-flow deficits every year during
the next decade.
The report also reveals what many Hoosiers have feared - Obamacare is
hurting employment. Labor force participation is set to decline
significantly over the next several years, fueled in part by the health
care law's disincentives to work.
Additionally, many of the same people Obamacare intends to help - low
income families - are the ones being punished by the law's mandates on
employers. One of the pillars of The Indiana Way
, my legislative agenda for 2014, is
promoting alternative solutions to replace Obamacare with step-by-step
reforms. Millions of American jobs are dependent on limiting the
negative impacts of the law.
Given its implications for the future of our country, the CBO report
must be taken seriously by Congress and the White House. Our country is
careening on an unsustainable financial path. No longer can Washington
overlook the fact that our nation is facing record deficits as far as
the eye can see. We must address these fiscal challenges.
_____
Feedback on The Indiana Way
I appreciate the feedback I have received from many Hoosiers on The
Indiana Way
, my 10-point plan to make our state
and nation stronger. This plan is based on the model of Indiana and
ideas I have gathered from Hoosiers.
If you have not done so already, please take a moment to read through
my plan and offer me your thoughts and comments. The Indiana Way can be
accessed here
and you can leave me your thoughts
here
.
Coats in the News
Coats Warns Hoosiers Will Pay Price for Proposed EPA Rules
Farm bill passes Senate, moves to Obama
Asian carp bill would cost NWI economy
Coats Statement on Passing of Beurt SerVaas
Coats Statement on Unemployment Insurance Benefits Vote
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
I met with Dr. David Wright, President of Indiana Wesleyan University.
The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops and the social justice leaders
from South Bend met with me during their annual conference in
Washington.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Non-Partisan Report Projects Rising National Debt
This week the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) released its annual
Budget
and Economic Outlook . When I read the report, I was stunned.
CBO&#8217;s findings are not just another siren alerting Washington to the stark reality that our
country desperately needs to address our fiscal problems. This report is a five-alarm fire.
Here are just a few of the shocking details:
America&#8217;s national debt will continue
to rise rapidly over the next decade, peaking at 79 percent of gross domestic product by 2024. In
2014, the debt is projected to reach $17.7 trillion, an increase of over $7 trillion since President
Obama took office. Mandatory spending and interest on the debt is projected to consume
94 percent of all federal revenues 10 years from now, squeezing out funding for other priorities like
law enforcement, health research and defense. Social Security will run cash-flow deficits
every year during the next decade.
The report also reveals what many Hoosiers have feared &#8211; Obamacare is hurting employment. Labor
force participation is set to decline significantly over the next several years, fueled in part by the
health care law&#8217;s disincentives to work.
Additionally, many of the same people Obamacare intends to help &#8211; low income families &#8211;
are the ones being punished by the law&#8217;s mandates on employers. One of the pillars of
The
Indiana Way , my legislative agenda for 2014, is promoting alternative solutions to replace Obamacare
with step-by-step reforms. Millions of American jobs are dependent on limiting the negative impacts of
the law.
Given its implications for the future of our country, the CBO report must be taken seriously by
Congress and the White House. Our country is careening on an unsustainable financial path. No longer
can Washington overlook the fact that our nation is facing record deficits as far as the eye can see.
We must address these fiscal challenges.
Feedback
on The Indiana Way
I
appreciate the feedback I have received from many Hoosiers on
The
Indiana Way , my 10-point plan to make our state and nation stronger. This plan is based on the model
of Indiana and ideas I have gathered from Hoosiers.
If you have not done so already, please take a moment to read through my plan and offer me your
thoughts and comments. The Indiana Way can be accessed
here
and you can leave me your thoughts
here .
Coats
in the News
Coats
Warns Hoosiers Will Pay Price for Proposed EPA Rules
Farm
bill passes Senate, moves to Obama
Asian
carp bill would cost NWI economy
Coats
Statement on Passing of Beurt SerVaas
Coats
Statement on Unemployment Insurance Benefits Vote
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
I met with Dr. David Wright, President of Indiana Wesleyan University.
The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops and the social justice leaders from South Bend met
with me during their annual conference in Washington.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
