
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
February 16, 2014
Dear
David,
As you know the
Winter Olympics got under way in Sochi, Russia, but you may not be
aware that Minnesota is well-represented at the games with 19 athletes.
This is the second most of any state in the country. It's fun to cheer
on Allison Pottinger from Eden Prairie, who is competing on the womens
curling team, and Keri Herman, who grew up in Bloomington and is
competing in womens slopestyle skiing. Go Team USA!
Speaking of Russia, I
spoke on the House floor about how Russia needs to end its senseless
ban prohibiting American families from adopting children from Russia.
This ban imposed by Russia is having an effect on Minnesota
families who have still not given up hope of completing their adoptions.
Watch my floor speech
here .
Have a
great weekend and week! Please feel free to contact me if I can assist
you or your family in any way. Join the conversation online by
visiting my
website ,
Facebook
page,
Twitter , and don't forget
to watch my weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence Corner.
Erik Paulsen
Member of Congress
Recognized for Work in Long
Term Care
I was honored this week to receive the
Congressional Leadership Award from the National Association for the
Support of Long Term Care (NASL). Several Minnesotans made the trip
with the national organization to present me the award for my bipartisan
work on health care issues, including long term care, chronic care
management in Medicare, and medical technology. NASL is doing great work
to support long term care facilities, and I look forward to working
with them to pass my legislative initiatives to help assist
patients.
Also on the health care front, I am very encouraged about the positive
momentum for a permanent solution to replace the flawed payment system
for physicians. Our seniors need to retain access for services and
doctors need long term stability.
Minnesota National Guard and Our Wounded Veterans
Minnesota National Guard Major General Rick Nash and his staff were
in DC to update me on the great work our National Guard members are
doing around the world. These servicemen and women play an important role
in our military, and I want to help ensure they receive the services
and assistance they need.
I'm grateful for the service of
soldiers like Sgt. Justin Hattesohl who was recently injured in an attack in
Afghanistan and is now recovering. I stopped by the VA to say hi to
Justin, his wife Giselle, and their two month old son. I know they're
looking forward to returning home and raising their family. I want to
give a big thanks to our active duty troops, reserve members, and
veterans for their selfless service to our
country.
Countryside Elementary Schools Fight Against
Hunger
I visited Countryside
Elementary school in Edina to check out the great work students and families
are doing to help fight hunger. Countryside has partnered with the
nonprofit organization Impact Lives for a service learning project that
culminated last week with students packing food for the hungry. Both
Impact Lives and the students at Countryside are doing great work to make
a positive impact on their community.
Paulsen
Pics
Congressman Paulsen delivers remarks
to the National Association for the Support of Long Term Care where he
received the Congressional Leadership
Award.
Erik meets with Minnesota's Sgt. Justin Hattesohl and
his wife Giselle at the Minneapolis
VA.
Congressman Paulsen and Countryside Elementary students
pack food for the
hungry.
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 