
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
January 27, 2014
Life, Liberty &amp; the Pursuit of
Happiness
On Wednesday, thousands
gathered in Washington, D.C. with the support of millions more all across
the country to mark the anniversary of the Supreme Courts decision in
Roe v. Wade
and to participate in the 41st Annual March for
Life. This was an opportunity to acknowledge and reinforce a
commitment to the sanctity of life and pledge to be a voice for those with no
voice. Whether it be in the town square or in the halls of Congress,
Im grateful to stand with many Americans as we embrace this effort and
opportunity to protect and celebrate the precious gift of
life.
After all, a right to life is the
first to be identified in our nations Declaration of Independence, and
it is followed by those other unalienable rights to liberty and the
pursuit of happiness. In America today, many individuals and families
feel that the pursuit of happiness is an increasingly arduous one. A
sluggish economy is delivering a low level of job creation which in turn
feeds uncertainty for those who are doing all they can to make ends
meet. It is not as if Americans have forgotten how to create jobs and
grow opportunity. What is lacking today is adequate action on policies
that will alleviate needless government interference in our economy,
support those who are looking to enter the workforce with the skills
they need, and build on the areas of our economy
like the energy sector
that are showing signs of strength.
Thankfully, there are a number of solutions that have already
been drafted, debated and passed in the House of Representatives.
These bills that would help grow jobs and greater financial security for
more American families are right now awaiting action in the Senate.
For his part, President Obama has said he wants this to be a Year of
Action, and hes expected to touch on this issue during his State of
the Union address tomorrow.
Sadly, this latest slogan will no doubt be used by the Obama
Administration to further their aims of usurping the powers of the Legislative
Branch by rewriting the laws of the land through executive fiat. But we
know that a far more positive direction for this nation would be for
President Obama to pick up the phone and call the Democrat leadership
over in the Senate and ask them to take up and consider the policies the
House of Representatives has sent them. At the very least, they ought
to be debating them and discerning how best to help grow our economy
and create new, better paying jobs that will help ensure an equality of
opportunity for the American
people.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington DC Office
100 Cannon
House Office Building
Washington DC
20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill
Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA
30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
