 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING
YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR
DISTRICT
RESOURCES
February 04, 2014
Good News for Keystone Pipeline
As Congress
continues debating policies to help put more Americans back to work,
all too often there are instances where government is destroying jobs
instead of helping create them. In 2008, a proposal was submitted to
the administration for approval to build the Keystone pipeline that
stretches from Hardisty, Alberta, Canada to the Gulf Coast. Despite
repeated calls and requests for approval, the administration has refused to
either deny or permit the project to go
forward.
Conservative estimates are that construction of
the pipeline would create approximately 10,000 direct and indirect jobs
or more, in construction, manufacturing, installation, and permanent
maintenance of the pipeline.
Click here
to read more from the
Washington Post
about the Keystone study.
One of the
biggest concerns voiced to delay the pipeline was due to potential
environmental concerns. But the State Department released a final
environmental assessment report on Friday that stated the proposed Keystone
XL Pipeline project would likely not have a significant environmental
impact. This is more good news for those who believe we should pursue
an "All of the Above" national energy policy, including solar,
nuclear, natural gas, coal, and wind. The report is good news because it
means America is not only one step closer towards energy independence, but
also closer to creating thousands of good-paying jobs that would be
created by construction, engineering, and management of the Keystone
XL.
There should be no further
delays on from the administration on approving the Keystone XL
Pipeline. This is a common-sense way to create jobs that simply requires
Washington DC to get out of the way, and the administration should approve
it.
National Head Start Congressional
Breakfast
I enjoyed speaking at the 2014 National Head
Start Association Congressional Breakfast last week. As a Head Start 2012
Kansas State Children's Champion Award recipient, I understand the
importance of making sure our children have educational opportunities
available to them at a very early age.
Thank you to all
the educators, family members, and Head Start supporters who attended
and thank you for your advocacy for early childhood education.
Click here , or on the
image above, to enlarge the photo.
State
of the Union Response
The president spoke last Tuesday
night and outlined many serious issues facing our country, including
our still stagnant economy, a suffocating national debt, low wages for
hardworking Americans, the education of our students, and more. I agree
with the president
the challenges we face are
great.
Click
here , or on the image above, to watch my full response video to the
State of the Union
Address.
But the president and I disagree about how we can best achieve the
positive results we need to move our country forward. Many of the
presidents ideas require bigger government involvement with more spending,
higher taxes and larger and more burdensome mandates and
regulations.
A growing government means shrinking
opportunities.
Needing Real Reforms in the Farm
Bill
On Wednesday, the House considered
HR
2642 , otherwise known as the Farm Bill, which passed by a vote of
251-166 . Unfortunately the final bill did not go far
enough in reforming important programs to Kansas famers nor did it
find enough budget savings to justify over a trillion in spending. I
voted no.
In my role as Vice-Chairman
of the House Agriculture Subcommittee of Appropriations, I worked to
help craft a responsible set of reforms to fix the many bloated and
intrusive farm programs while fixing a badly broken food stamp program.
Over 80% of the "farm bill" actually goes to food
stamps.
The compromise bill failed to address
concerns of many farmers and ranchers and was opposed by the Kansas Livestock
Association.
The final package
spends almost $800 billion on food stamps. Today we are spending more
than double on food stamps than what we were spending in 2008. With a
projected $6.3 trillion deficit over the next 10 years we can't keep
borrowing, taxing and spending at this
rate.
I look forward to working to find solutions to reform and
improve provisions of this bill in years to come.
Family Advisory Council
I met with Donna Macan Yadrich
and Deanna Gaumer from the Family Advisory Council (FAC) last week. We
discussed the importance of the Title V Maternal and Child Health
Services Block Grant Program for families in Kansas. This program is
administered by the Bureau of Family Health at the Kansas Department of
Health and Environment, and helps provide preventive and developmental
care for families with special needs.
Thank you for taking the time to meet with me in my Washington, DC
office.
National Guard Association of Kansas
I
appreciated the opportunity to meet with Maj. Sheli Sweeney (ret.) and Larry
Leupold in my Washington office last week. The National Guard group
from KS provided me an update on the contributions our Kansas National
Guard is making both around the world as well as here at home in
Kansas. Our National Guard of Kansas is also making a difference in our
neighboring Midwestern states, including helping in Colorado with the
recent serious flood.
Thank
you for the informative update on these very important issues. We all
thank you for the outstanding services provided by the National Guard
Association of Kansas.
Keystone XL Pipeline The Keystone XL Pipeline just cleared a major hurdle towards its
approval and possible construction. Do you support construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline
as part of an "All of the Above" national energy policy? Yes - I support construction of the
Keystone XL Pipeline. No - I do not support the Keystone XL Pipeline. *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here.
Upcoming Staff Community Office
Hours
My staff can assist you from 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Monday through
Friday in my Overland Park office. They can help with any issues or
concerns, as well as to provide assistance with federal agencies and
programs including, Veterans' Affairs, Medicare, Social Security,
Passports, and Visas.
My staff also holds
Community Staff Office Hours throughout the district. If you are
unable to visit my office, please consider coming to the following location
if it is more convenient for
you:
Wednesday, February 26th
Cedar Roe
Library
5120 Cedar Street
Roeland
Park
12:00-1:00
p.m.
Wednesday, April 30th
KCK Downtown Library
- Main Branch
625 Minnesota
Avenue
Kansas City, KS
12:00-1:00 p.m.
House
Schedule for This Week
Tuesday, February 4th and
Wednesday, February 5th
On Tuesday and
Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and
12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
H.R.
3590
- Sportsmens Heritage and Recreational Enhancement Act of
2013.
H.R. 3964
- Sacramento-San Joaquin
Valley Emergency Water Delivery
Act.
Thursday, February 6th
On
Thursday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last
votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
H.R.
2954
- The Public Access and Lands Improvement
Act.
Votes From Last Week
Click on the
bill
number
or the
vote count
to read more
information about each vote.
H.R. 2166
Directing the
Secretary of the Interior and Secretary of Agriculture to expedite
access to certain Federal lands under the administrative jurisdiction of
each Secretary for good Samaritan search-and-recovery missions. I
voted " Yes " and the bill passed
3940 .
H.R. 3008
Providing for the conveyance of a small parcel of National Forest
System land in Los Padres National Forest in California. I voted
" Yes " on the bill and it passed
36727 .
Final Adoption of H.R.
2642
Federal Agriculture Reform and Risk Management Act of
2013. I voted " No " on this legislation and it passed
251166 .
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Please click below
to follow me on Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube.
Washington, DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W.
79th St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913)
621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
