
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing
the 36th District
February 10, 2014
The
Hill Report
Congressman Steve Stockman's Weekly
Newsletter
EPA Over-Regulation in
Texas
Congressman Stockman serves on the House Science, Space
and Technology Committee, which this past week held a critical
hearing titled: "Examining the Science of EPA Overreach: A Case Study in
Texas."
The hearing focused on the EPA's over-regulation of
businesses, energy production and industry specifically in Texas.
At stake are jobs, energy security and investments. The 36th District
has some of the largest concentrations of energy plants in the
country, and the EPA has held up thousands of jobs and millions in
investments by delaying permits without cause.
The Congressman
was able to get many of the delayed permits approved, however many
other areas around the country may not have succeeded in appealing for
assistance.
Blocking Amnesty--No
Matter How Many Times it Takes
Congressman
Stockman is unalterably opposed to amnesty under any form or name. Last
year, Stockman successfully killed the Senate's amnesty bill with the
"Blue Slip" procedure to declare it unconstitutional, and again later
in the year with his letter cosigned by many colleagues to Speaker
Boehner opposing making a deal on any Senate bill.
America's Undefended
Border
During the past few weeks, the GOP leadership again made another
big push for amnesty, including releasing a set of what it called
"immigration principles" which include amnesty for
illegals.
Congressman Stockman joined with his colleagues and with millions of
Americans in objecting, and got the leaders to reconsider--for
now.
The great danger is that leaders will try yet again to force some
amnesty bill through, or agree to have a 'conference committee' with
a Senate amnesty bill and a well-meaning House border security-only
bill, only to get a resulting amnesty bill.
In fact, just days
after the Speaker announced amnesty was yet again off the table, others
continued to hint it could be dragged back on the agenda.
No
matter what happens, Stockman is ready to use every procedure
available to block amnesty, and will work closely with his colleagues to
defeat any bill which might get to the House floor.
He will also
keep fighting to secure our border to help remove the magnet for
illegals.
Remembering President
Reagan
February 6
was President Ronald Reagan's 103rd birthday. Millions of Americans
miss his leadership today!
President Reagan rebuilt our
economy after the disastrous Jimmy Carter years; he cut taxes and
rescinded many Carter regulations.
Reagan's policy of 'peace
through strength' rebuilt our defense, won the cold war and ended the Soviet
empire.
Additionally, Reagan voiced many intangible but
essential philosophical points. He called the Soviets the 'evil empire,'
rather than pretending they were the moral equivalent of the free
world. He was patriotic and proud to express his love for our great
nation.
Bless you, President Reagan. May future leaders learn
from your wisdom and your love of America.
What's
Happening in
Your
Community?
I invite
you to send
your
photos, videos and stories about
local events, accomplishments, sports teams, heroes and good deeds--all
the wonderful things that the media often doesn't
cover.
Help me highlight the people and events in your community for possible
inclusion in upcoming editions. Just reply to this email to send your
photos and stories, links for videos; and include your contact
information in the email.
Connect with
Steve:
If you arent already following Congressman
Stockman on the web and social media, get connected for the latest
news and commentaries!
www.Stockman.House.gov
www.Facebook.com/CongressmanStockman
www.Twitter.com/SteveWorks4You
www.Youtube.com/SteveStockmanTX
District Offices
San Jacinto College , 8060
Spencer Highway, Building 1, Suite 108 Pasadena, TX 77505 - (281)
478-2799
907 E. Houston St.
Cleveland, TX 77327 - (409) 883-8075
420 Green Avenue Orange, TX 77630 - (409)
883-8075
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
