
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
February 21, 2014
Dear Friend,
Some of the consequences of the Affordable Care
Act we have already seen: fewer full-time jobs, canceled health plans
and increased premiums for those who can find insurance. For seniors
in the Central Valley, the real consequences of the law are just
becoming apparent, because to pay for all the new spending contained in the
healthcare law, the administration chose to cut $716 billion from
Medicare, largely from the popular Medicare Advantage program. Medicare
Advantage is the alternative to traditional Medicare, offering
coordinated and preventive care from participating private insurers. Some of
these Medicare cuts have already been phased in, but this week, the
administration is expected to announce an additional round of spending
reductions that will dramatically impact the viability of Medicare
Advantage program as a whole.
In our community the 63,311
seniors who rely on Medicare Advantage in Stanislaus and San Joaquin
Counties will see increased premiums, reduced benefits and fewer plan
choices. Every study has shown that participants in Medicare Advantage have
better health outcomes and fewer hospital
readmissions.
I will continue to fight to ensure that Medicare Advantage remains a
viable choice for seniors in the Central Valley, and I will continue to
fight to fully repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act to try to
stop the damage the law is having on our families and
community.
Im looking forward to chairing an important hearing next week
on pipeline safety in the Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines, and
Hazardous Materials. The movement of people and product by railroad in
the United States is generally safe, with 2012 being the safest year on
record, according to the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA).
However, several accidents over the past year have brought safety-related
issues to the forefront. The subcommittee and I will be examining steps
being taken by the industry and government to continue improving rail
safety. You can
watch the hearing live online
at
2 p.m. ET on Wednesday, February 26.
Earlier this month
the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) committed to
ending its unnecessary regulation of small farms with grain storage
structures. I sent a letter last month to Labor Secretary Perez asking
him to end this harmful overregulation and am pleased to see OSHA
complying. As I noted in the letter I sent with some of my House
colleagues, farmers and landowners have a strong vested and personal interest in
keeping their operations safe and viable, and they are already
subject to countless regulations to ensure operational
integrity.
Even Lt. Gov. Newsom
is opposed to California's high-speed rail
project.
Even Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom came out as
opposed to Californias high-speed rail project this week. In a move
that puts federal taxpayers at risk, the Federal Railroad
Administration
today announced
that they've delayed the due
date on $180 million in funds from the California High-Speed Rail
Authority from April 1 to July 1. It has long been clear that the Authority
would be unable to provide the funds required in their grant
agreement. In December 2012, the FRA changed their agreement to allow for a
tapered match rather than the standard concurrent match. Now theyve
changed the agreement again. With billions in federal taxpayer dollars on
the line, what changes are next from the FRA? The American people
and Californian taxpayers
deserve to see their money used
responsibly.
It is obvious that the Authority is determined to build
at any cost despite their failure to get court approval and provide a
business plan that passes muster. Thats why I introduced legislation
in January that would protect taxpayer dollars by suspending federal
funding to the project. My bill,
the Responsible Rail
and Deterring Deficiency Act , H.R. 3893, is supported by every
member of the California Republican delegation.
My Modesto
office helped a constituent with approval of a visa extension through
the Department of Labor this week. This constituent originally
immigrated to the U.S. with an H1-B visa, and as the Chief Operating Officer
of a financial services firm in Modesto, he plays an integral role in
the success of this small business. After an extensive delay in hearing
from USCIS on the application to extend his visa, I made a call on
his behalf to the DOL and was able to get him a quick response. Should
you or anyone you know need help navigating a federal agency, my staff
and I are always here to help. Please
contact me
through my website
or call my office at 209-579-5458.
If
youd like to know more about my work in Washington, D.C. and the
Central Valley, please subscribe to
my YouTube
channel
and follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram . You can also encourage
your friends to
subscribe to this
newsletter .
Have a great weekend!
JEFF
DENHAM
Are you a small business owner?
Yes No Are you or any of your immediate family members currently looking
for work?
Yes No Have you or any of your immediate
family members been without a job in the last two years?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing
to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
