
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller: Presidents Day is an occasion to reflect on the
good fortune we have enjoyed as citizens of a free nation
Feb 14, 2014
Harrison Township, MI
Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) issued the following statement ahead
of Mondays observance of Presidents Day:
On Monday, Feb. 17, we will observe the holiday generally known as Presidents Day, a time to honor the service to our country
of its former leaders, especially the very first, George Washington.
It is fitting that the man often referred to as the Father of the country be singled out for recognition. As a patriot and
president, Washington set a standard for selfless duty, honor and integrity to which every subsequent president has aspired.
But it is also appropriate that we recognize the achievements of Washington's successors - as Congress chose to do in the 1970s
when it changed the date of the observance from Washington's actual birth date (Feb. 22) to the third Monday in February, where it falls between the birthdays of our first president and our 16th, Abraham Lincoln.
The records of the 43 men who have held the office are mixed, as in any human endeavor, reflecting both towering accomplishment
and occasional failure. Yet each of them has tried in his own way to emulate Washington, who described his tenure in a farewell address to the nation as one in which he acted with good intentions (and) the best exertions of which a very fallible judgment
was capable.
The upcoming holiday is a suitable occasion for us to reflect on the good fortune we have enjoyed as citizens of a free nation,
one led by the humble example of our first president.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
