
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Stay Connected:
Meet Adam
Issues &amp; Legislation
News &amp; Media
16th
District
How Can I Help
You?
Contact Adam
February 23, 2014
Rep. Kinzinger hosts health care
roundtable
Congressman Adam Kinzinger met with doctors, hospital
administrators, and health care professionals on Wednesday to discuss the
most pressing issues in health care policy. The forum, which was held at
the University of Illinois, College of Medicine in Rockford, gave Rep.
Kinzinger a chance to hear firsthand about the challenges surrounding
the implementation of the Affordable Care Act and ideas for future
health care reform.
"It was great hearing from the men
and women on the front lines of providing care for our families about
the challenges they see and face every day," said Kinzinger. "The
discussion has given me insight into things we can do to make our health
care system stronger, and I look forward to bringing these ideas back to
Washington with me."
Topics during the discussion focused on
reforming the Medicare payment formula to doctors, improving access to
care, and promoting healthy lifestyle choices that reduce dependency
on the health care system. House Majority Leader Eric Cantor recently
asked members of the House of Representatives to submit their ideas
for health care reform as part of legislation that will be voted on
later this year.
Rep.
Kinzinger talks with health care professionals at the University of
Illinois, College of Medicine in
Rockford
The office of Rep. Kinzinger to hold February traveling
office hours
Next week, the office of Congressman Kinzinger will
hold traveling office hours throughout the Sixteenth District.
Staffers will be available to assist constituents on issues ranging from
Veterans and Social Security benefits to Medicare and immigration issues.
Constituents are encouraged to stop by with questions and concerns,
and no appointments are necessary.
For a full list of
locations and hours, click here:
http://kinzinger.house.gov/press-releases/the-office-of-rep-kinzinger-to-hold-february-traveling-office-hours/
Kinzinger
wraps up district work period
With Congress out of session
this week, Rep. Kinzinger traveled throughout the Sixteenth District to
host policy roundtables, visit local businesses and community
organizations, and meet with constituents. Below are a few photos from Rep.
Kinzinger's week.
Talking with
Fred Young, CEO of Forest City Gear in
Roscoe
Touring Forest City Gear in
Roscoe
Discussing types of vocational training offerd at Streator
Unlimited in
Streator
Meeting with officials from the City of
Streator
Washington D.C. Office
1221
Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253635
Fax: (202) 2253521
Ottawa District
Office
628 Columbus Street, Ste. 507
Ottawa, IL 61350
Phone:
(815) 4319271
Fax: (815)
4319383
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
