
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
JANUARY 24, 2014
I have spent part of this week traveling across Central Kentucky and the Buffalo Trace area. Here is an update on my visits and other happenings:
Dr. Paul Visits Lawrenceburg
On Thursday morning, I met with fellow Kentuckians in Lawrenceburg.
(Dr. Paul visits Lawrenceburg- January 23, 2014)
Dr. Paul Meets with Business Leaders in Lexington
Also on Thursday, I met with business and community leaders at Commerce Lexington. I talked about the effects of Obamacare and ways we can get the economy to grow. I was asked several questions about the burden of government on businesses, including how we can reign in an overzealous EPA.
I want to thank Bob Quick, President of Commerce Lexington, and Andi Johnson, Vice President of Public Policy, for hosting me and arranging a great discussion.
(Dr. Paul meets with Lexington area business leaders at Commerce Lexington- January 23, 2014)
Dr. Paul Visits Paris and Cynthiana
On Thursday afternoon, I traveled to Paris and Cynthiana to meet with fellow Kentuckians.
(Dr. Paul at The Rock Cafe in Paris- January 23, 2014)
(Dr. Paul at the Medco District Health Department in Cynthiana- January 23, 2014)
Dr. Paul Meets with Maysville Community
For my last stop on Thursday, I spoke and took questions from local Kentuckians at the Maysville Community and Technical College. I discussed a variety of topics, including Obamacare, my Economic Freedom Zone proposal and our Second Amendment rights.
I want to thank Maysville Mayor David Cartmell for participating in the event and Vicki Steigleder, Executive Director of the Maysville-Mason Co. Area Chamber of Commerce, for arranging the session.
(Dr. Paul at Maysville Community and Technical College- January 23, 2014)
Click
HERE
to read a story from the Maysville Ledger Independent on my visit to Maysville.
Dr. Paul Visits Flemingsburg, Richmond and Danville
On Friday, I visited Flemingsburg, Richmond and Danville.
(Dr. Paul visits Flemingsburg- January 24, 2014)
(Dr. Paul visits Richmond- January 24, 2014)
(Dr. Paul visits Danville- January 24, 2014)
Dr. Paul Honors the 2014 March for Life
This Tuesday marked the 40th Anniversary of the Supreme Courts decision of Roe vs. Wade. For 40 years now, over 55 million abortions have taken place in America. And the question still remains,
can a civilization long endure if it does not respect life? It is the
government's duty to protect life, liberty, and property, but primarily
and most importantly, a government must protect life.
In order to protect the unborn from the very moment life begins, I
introduced the Life at Conception Act. Today, our nation wavers and our
moral compass is adrift. Only when America chooses, remembers and
restores her respect for life will we re-discover our moral bearings and
truly find our way. Read my statement in its entirety
HERE .
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, hundreds of thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors.
Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Media Wrap-Up and Upcoming Media Appearances
This Sunday morning, the 26th, I will be appearing on CNN's
State of the Union
with Candy Crowley and NBC's
Meet the Press
with David Gregory to discuss my ideas on reforming the NSA and respond to the White House's preview for the President's State Of The Union Address. Be sure to tune in!
This past week, joined Leland Conway on WLAP Lexington, Robert Poe on WFTM Maysville, Charlie Perry on WHIR Danville, Doug Miller on WCYN Cynthiana, Brian Jackson on WVJS Owensboro, Bill Clary on WEKY Richmond and several national radio shows throughout the week as well. I also penned an op-ed for
Foreign Policy .
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member. Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
