
Wednesday, February 5, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Fiscal Update, Step In Right Direction
Because of a House Republican Majority
Weve cut spending for the fourth year in a row, the first time thats happened since the Korean War.
Weve had the most significant spending reductions in modern history, more so than under President Reagan and President Clinton.
Weve enacted the largest spending reduction in at least the last 25 years and started to target the real driver of the nations debt: mandatory spending.
Weve protected 99 percent of Americans from tax increases and ensured almost all of the Bush tax cuts were made permanent, including lower rates on capital gains and dividends and the death tax policy.
Read
my column
about the budget agreement and how it is a step in the right direction.
Did you catch the recent editorial in
USA Today , also reprinted in several Ohio papers, regarding the IRS budget and its effect?
I disagree. It seemed to look at the IRS through rose-colored glasses.
The editorial claims the problems at the IRS are mainly due to lack of funding. What it fails to take into account is that nearly every agency is doing more with less. While the country has a $17 trillion debt, we need to cut where we can and rethink how we spend our money. Collections last year were at an all-time high, clearly indicating IRS agents are still able to do their jobs. We shouldnt forget that this is the same agency that spent lavishly on conferences and illegally targeted individuals based on their political beliefs.
There is a lot of reform that must happen within the IRS and better customer service is just part of it.
The one thing the editorial got right is that our massive tax code is too complex and too confusing. Reform is long overdue. Ways and Means Chairman Dave Camp has indicated that he would like to introduce a fundamental tax reform bill this year, and were closer than ever to that goal. As part of the committee, Ive participated in dozens of hearings, held working groups, and worked closely with stakeholders to learn how we can best improve the code. Our tax overhaul would make the code simpler and fairer
making it work better for job creators, workers, families, and even the IRS.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Obamacares 30 hrs/ week mandate hurting workers
CBO: Obamacare will cost jobs
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here