
Thank you for subscribing to my e-newsletter. I'm pleased to provide this e-newsletter as an additional way for me to keep in touch with Central Washington residents. I hope you find it informative and I encourage you to forward it to any co-workers or friends who might be interested in
signing up themselves
to receive periodic updates in the future.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. If I can ever be of any assistance to you, please contact my office at (509) 543-9396 or visit my website at
www.hastings.house.gov . You can also like me on
Facebook
and follow me on
Twitter .
Sincerely,
TOP NEWS
Committee Hearing on Hastings' Water Storage Bills
Much of the western United States is facing a historic drought. New water storage development is critical to providing and storing water supplies for farmers, ranchers, and municipalities. On Wednesday, the Subcommittee on Water and Power held a
legislative hearing
on solutions to jumpstart construction of additional water storage throughout the western United States, including two proposals by Hastings to address new ways to finance these projects nationwide.
I have long supported efforts to construct additional water storage in the Yakima River Basin,
said Hastings.
It is essential to our communities, farmers, and fish that we think of new and innovative ways to fund water storage in this time of limited federal budgets. These bills represent a positive first step forward for the Yakima River Basin and countless communities like it throughout the West. More action is needed in addition to these measures, and more action will be coming in the near future.
Click here
to learn more about Hastings bills.
ESA Working Group Releases Final Recommendations
The Endangered Species Act (ESA) Congressional Working Group, led by Hastings and Representative Cynthia Lummis (WY-at large), on Tuesday released its
final Report, Findings and Recommendations
for reforming the ESA.
There is no doubt of the strong and widespread support for helping to protect endangered species. However, our findings clearly show that there is room for improvements and ways to bring this 40-year-old law into the 21st century,
said Hastings .
Returning focus of the law to species recovery, addressing litigation and settlement reforms, improving state and local participation, and improving science and data are some of the specific areas of improvements on which I believe we can build consensus. I hope this report can further the discussion on the ESA and serve as a starting point as we move forward with sensible and targeted legislative proposals in the coming months.
Click here
for a full list of recommendations and to read the final report.
Hastings Backs Bill to Ensure that the President Cannot Pick and Choose the Laws to Fit his Agenda
Recently, we have witnessed an unparalleled use of executive overreach to selectively enforce duly-enacted federal laws. President Obama wants to have it both ways
he wants to make the laws and then pick and choose which laws he wants to enforce
which undermines the constitutional role of Congress to make the laws. Overreach by the Executive Branch of government is not a Republican or Democrat issue, but a constitutional one that must be stopped before it sets a precedent for all future presidents. No president or executive agency, regardless of political party or affiliation, should be able to simply pick and choose the laws they believe should be enforced based on their policy agenda or political wants. That is why Hastings has cosponsored the
Enforce the Take Care Clause Act
(H.R. 3857) to restore the checks and balances of our Constitution and give Congress the authority to seek immediate help from the Judicial Branch in the event a president fails to take care that the laws be faithfully executed, as outlined by Article Two of our Constitution.
House Passes Bipartisan "Public Access and Lands Improvement Act"
This week, the House of Representatives approved the
Public Access and Lands Improvement Act
(H.R. 2954) by a bipartisan vote of 220-194. This package of bills would protect and promote access to lands; increase opportunities by removing red tape that stands in the way of local economic development and jobs; and encourage transparent, community-centered land management. This legislation also advances important local projects, such as preserving the Green Mountain Lookout in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest, that will create jobs and grow Americas economy.
This small package of bills is reasonable, responsible, and reflects the will of local communities and their elected leaders. It will protect public access to public lands and implement common sense reforms to advance important local projects that will have a direct impact on jobs and economic growth in communities throughout the country ,
said Natural Resources Committee Chairman Doc Hastings .
WEEKLY MESSAGE
February 7, 2014
Making Targeted Reforms to the Endangered Species Act
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
VIDEO: Republican Response to the State of the Union by Washington Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers
Washington Rep. Doc Hastings proposes money for water storage
Walla Walla Union-Bulletin
Congressional committee discusses bills that could benefit Yakima Basin water projects
Yakima Herald-Republic
Hastings Op-Ed: House Republicans stand ready to work with President in bipartisan way
Daily Sun News
Nonpartisan budget office says Obamacare will eliminate jobs, reduce working hours
CNBC News
CONNECT WITH DOC
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
RSS
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1203 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-5816 | Fax: (202) 225-3251
TRI-CITIES OFFICE
2715 St. Andrews Loop, Suite D
Pasco, WA 99301
(509) 543-9396 | Fax: (509) 545-1972
YAKIMA OFFICE
402 E. Yakima Avenue, Suite 760
Yakima, WA 98901
(509) 452-3243 | Fax: (509) 452-3438
Click Here Click Here