
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Eliminating the Death Tax
Family farms are critical to the economic landscape of many Indiana
counties. Yet too many Hoosier families are facing uncertainty about
whether the farms and family-owned businesses they built will be passed
on to the next generation.
As land values increase over time, more and more Hoosiers are forced to
sell their farms in order to avoiding paying the estate tax, also known
as the death tax. This misguided tax is applied to the transfer of a
person's assets at death and one of the main reasons why Indiana family
farms do not survive to the next generation.
Grieving families should not have to face the additional burden of the
Internal Revenue Service confiscating the property and savings that a
loved one worked to build throughout a lifetime. Too many family farms
and small businesses have been lost to the death tax, and I believe it
must be repealed.
I am supporting legislation to eliminate the death tax, and one of the
pillars of The Indiana Way
, my
legislative agenda for 2014, is saving Indiana family farms. Congress
needs to eliminate this tax once and for all.
_____
Unacceptable Mistake Corrected
On Wednesday, an issue that I have been working on for over a year
reached its conclusion.
After months of delay, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)
disinterred the remains of Michael L. Anderson from Fort Custer
National Cemetery in Michigan. Anderson shot and killed Indianapolis
resident Alicia Dawn Koehl on May 30, 2012, and he was later buried -
in violation of existing law - with full military honors.
After learning that Anderson was buried in a national cemetery, the
Koehl family contacted the VA and asked the agency to correct its
mistake. Federal law prohibits individuals who "have committed a
Federal or State capital crime but were unavailable for trial due to
death" from being buried in national cemeteries. The VA rejected the
family's request and claimed it did not have the authority to exhume
the remains of an ineligible veteran mistakenly buried in one of its
cemeteries.
On August 1, 2013, I introduced the Alicia Dawn Koehl Respect for
National Cemeteries Act, which passed the Senate in November.
Congresswoman Susan W. Brooks (R-Ind.) introduced companion legislation
in the House of Representatives. My bill was signed into law by
President Obama in December.
The law gave the VA and U.S. Department of the Army authority to
disinter an ineligible veteran mistakenly buried in a national
cemetery. The law also specifically directed the VA to disinter
Anderson's remains.
With news of Anderson's disinterment, my thoughts are with the Koehl
family and the lasting legacy Alicia Koehl leaves behind. Alicia was a
mother of two and very active in several community causes. She was a
Girl Scout Leader and "Volunteer of the Year" at her children's school.
Her passing was mourned with candlelight vigils and an official tribute
from the Indianapolis City County Council.
While I am pleased this unacceptable mistake has been corrected,
unfortunately it cannot bring back a wonderful wife and mother. With
their hard work and determination, the Koehl family has honored Alicia
through the passage of a law that bears her name and protects the
integrity of our national cemeteries.
Coats in the News
Coats, Air Force Academy to Host "Academy Day" in Indianapolis
'Terrible wrong righted,' but family still grieves woman's murder
Senators try to curb Medicare Advantage cuts
Sen. Coats Congratulates Columbus Teen on West Point Acceptance
Coats: Holding President Obama to his words
_____
Stay Connected
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Eliminating the Death Tax
Family farms are
critical to the economic landscape of many Indiana counties. Yet too many Hoosier families are facing
uncertainty about whether the farms and family-owned businesses they built will be passed on to the next
generation.
As land values increase over time, more and more Hoosiers are forced to sell their farms in order
to avoiding paying the estate tax, also known as the death tax. This misguided tax is applied to the
transfer of a person&#8217;s assets at death and one of the main reasons why Indiana family farms do
not survive to the next generation.
Grieving families should not have to face the additional burden of the Internal Revenue Service
confiscating the property and savings that a loved one worked to build throughout a lifetime. Too many
family farms and small businesses have been lost to the death tax, and I believe it must be repealed.
I
am supporting legislation to eliminate the death tax, and one of the pillars of
The
Indiana Way , my legislative agenda for 2014, is saving Indiana family farms. Congress needs
to eliminate this tax once and for all.
Unacceptable
Mistake
Corrected
On
Wednesday, an issue that I have been working on for over a year reached its conclusion.
After months of delay, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) disinterred the remains of
Michael L. Anderson from Fort Custer National Cemetery in Michigan. Anderson shot and killed Indianapolis
resident Alicia Dawn Koehl on May 30, 2012, and he was later buried &#8211; in violation of existing law
&#8211; with full military honors.
After learning that Anderson was buried in a national cemetery, the Koehl family contacted the VA
and asked the agency to correct its mistake. Federal law prohibits individuals who &#8220;have committed
a Federal or State capital crime but were unavailable for trial due to death&#8221; from being buried
in national cemeteries. The VA rejected the family's request and claimed it did not have the authority
to exhume the remains of an ineligible veteran mistakenly buried in one of its cemeteries.
On August 1, 2013, I introduced the Alicia Dawn Koehl Respect for National Cemeteries Act, which
passed the Senate in November. Congresswoman Susan W. Brooks (R-Ind.) introduced companion legislation
in the House of Representatives. My bill was signed into law by President Obama in December.
The law gave the VA and U.S. Department of the Army authority to disinter an ineligible veteran mistakenly
buried in a national cemetery. The law also specifically directed the VA to disinter Anderson&#8217;s
remains.
With news of Anderson&#8217;s disinterment, my thoughts are with the Koehl family and the lasting
legacy Alicia Koehl leaves behind. Alicia was a mother of two and very active in several community causes.
She was a Girl Scout Leader and &#8220;Volunteer of the Year&#8221; at her children&#8217;s school. Her
passing was mourned with candlelight vigils and an official tribute from the Indianapolis City County
Council.
While I am pleased this unacceptable mistake has been corrected, unfortunately it cannot bring back
a wonderful wife and mother. With their hard work and determination, the Koehl family has honored Alicia
through the passage of a law that bears her name and protects the integrity of our national cemeteries.
Coats
in the News
Coats,
Air Force Academy to Host &#8220;Academy Day&#8221; in Indianapolis
'Terrible
wrong righted,' but family still grieves woman's murder
Senators
try to curb Medicare Advantage cuts
Sen.
Coats Congratulates Columbus Teen on West Point Acceptance
Coats:
Holding President Obama to his words
Stay
Connected
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
