
Friday February 7, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Protect &amp; Serve
Rep. Murphy called on the House to act on the flood insurance fix to protect homeowners.
Continuing to Fight for Homeowners
This week, I called on the House of Representatives to follow the Senates lead in passing a bipartisan bill to fix the National Flood Insurance Program to protect homeowners from unaffordable rate hikes.
( Click here
to watch my full remarks on the House floor.)
This would help millions of Americans facing steep flood insurance rate increases, including thousands of residents across the Palm Beaches and Treasure Coast. The bill includes additional funding for the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to redraw flood maps accurately so homeowners do not face erroneous rate hikes in our district and across the country. It is vital that any proposed rate hikes are delayed until the affordability study gives Congress a better understanding of how unaffordable rate hikes would negatively impact the flood insurance program.
Protecting homeowners from unaffordable flood insurance hikes has been, and will continue to be, one of my key priorities in Congress.
To learn more about my work on this issue,
click here .
Felicia &amp; Marks Story
My number one job as a Member of Congress is to serve my constituents. I want to share with you the story of Jupiter residents Felicia and Mark to highlight the kind of issues we can help you with.
When Felicia received the bill for her Medicare Part B premium last summer, she and her husband, Mark, made sure to promptly pay. Somehow, however, the payment was not received on time, and Felicia and Mark received a letter informing them that Felicias Part B was terminated and that should would not be able to enroll again until the following January, months later.
To make matters worse, Felicia was scheduled for knee surgery the following week. Without Medicare, Felicia and Mark found themselves facing a significant cost for the surgery.
Mark traveled to the Social Security Administration's office in Delray Beach in search of assistance, as the office in West Palm Beach was temporarily closed at the time. However, by the time he arrived, the Delray office was closed for the day.
Mark was very concerned at this point, and he reached out to our office - even though he was unsure if our office would be able to help with his and Felicias predicament. Within just a matter of days of Mark contacting us, Felicias Part B was reinstated. Her surgery went on as scheduled, and she has had no problems with her Medicare since.
Felicia and Marks story illustrates that if you are having a problem with a federal agency, my office is here to help. Even if you are not sure if we can assist you, like Mark was at first, please do not hesitate to contact us. We will do our best to answer any questions you may have and try to help get your issue resolved. In this case, because of quick action and Marks attention to the issue, we were able to make sure that Felicia received her Medicare and the surgery she needed.
To find out more about the variety of services my offices can assist you with,
click here .
Upcoming Events
Empty Bowls Event at the West Palm Beach GreenMarket
Speak at local AFL-CIO Legislative Breakfast
Speak at Temple Beth David
Congress At Your Company tour of Locus Traxx
Congress At Your Company tour of
Gulfstream Goodwill Industries, Inc.
Congress At Your Company tour of SV Microwave
Speak to Sandpiper Bay Homeowners Association
Speak to students at William T. Dwyer High School
Congress At Your Company tour of American Warrior Networks in Palm Beach Gardens
Congress At Your Company tour of Cytonics Corporation
Visiting Treasure Coast Food Bank
Speak to Palm City Community Awareness Committee
Speak at Sailfish Point Community Meeting
Participate in Manatee Observation and Education Centers NatureFest
Please invite your friends and family to sign up for this
newsletter
to learn about what I am doing to represent you in Congress. You can also get the latest updates and join the conversation on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here