
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
February 07, 2014
Dear
Friend,
This week was a critical one for our state in
the House as we voted to pass a key bill to help alleviate Californias
drought conditions and a bill that includes legislation I co-sponsored
to waive judicial review on timber salvage projects resulting from
2013 wildfires like the Yosemite Rim Fire.
I joined the
California Republican delegation in supporting the water legislation,
which aims to improve water supplies in the Central Valley. The bill
includes two pieces of legislation I introduced last summer
to expand
water supplies by allowing the Oakdale and South San Joaquin Irrigation
Districts to store up to 100,000 acre feet of water in the New Melones
Reservoir, and to begin a pilot program on the Stanislaus River to
protect native steelhead and salmon populations. The bill the House
passed this week, the SacramentoSan Joaquin Valley Emergency Water
Delivery Act (H.R. 3964), puts every option on the table for discussion as
we work to help California cope with a pending drought of historic
proportions. I look forward to having a larger conversation about how we
can fix the Central Valleys woes and ensure our agricultural community
remains vibrant and strong as the backbone of the Valley
economy.
I also supported H.R. 357, a bill we passed this week to
expand education opportunities for veterans by allowing them to attend
the state-run higher-education institution of their choice at in-state
tuition rates. The bill, known as the G.I. Tuition Fairness Act of
2013, requires public schools to charge in-state tuition rates to all
veterans in order for the school to be eligible to receive G.I. Bill
education payments. I look forward to seeing the Senate take up this
important act so that our veterans can have the very best educational
options available.
On Tuesday I spoke to members of the
California Farm Bureau about my work on pending immigration reform
legislation, a number of items of importance within the farm bill and my efforts
to defeat the King Amendment, which would have resulted in a lowered
animal welfare standards nationwide. The President signed the farm
bill into law today, and our ag industry will be better off as the law
takes effect.
I had a great conversation with the members of the
California Farm
Bureau.
This week USA Network released a series of new videos, including one I
created, as part of their Characters Unite campaign. The network has
declared February as Characters Unite Month and launched their
inspiring I Wont Stand For PSA as part of that effort. The campaign aims
to promote tolerance and acceptance by uniting against social
injustice, and my PSA focuses on the work we must do to ensure we do not
abandon our veterans.
As a veteran myself, I wont stand for
abandoning those who have served our country. We all must work to see
that they receive the support, benefits and respect they are due. In
working with USA Network to promote greater awareness of the needs of
those who have dedicated themselves in service, my hope is that our
message will resonate across the state of California and lead to greater
understanding and progress.
Check out my
video message online .
I met
with two representatives of the Catholic Charities from the Diocese
of Stockton on Tuesday. Katelyn Roedner and Louise Johnson were in town
for the Catholic Social Ministry Gathering that took place in D.C. It
was great to see them both!
Katelyn and Louise stopped by my
office during their visit to the Catholic Social Ministry
Gathering.
I met with the San Joaquin County
Supervisors and representatives of the Veterans Administration and
sent a strong message about the delays in building the new VA hospital at
French Camp. The construction has been delayed far too long and its
time to get it built. The VA promised responses to my many questions
and I look forward to hearing from them very soon.
The San
Joaquin County Supervisors and I also discussed healthcare, education
in the Central Valley, our airports and the public safety needs of
the county. Its great to hear directly from my constituents about local
needs because it allows me to focus on specific priorities for our
community.
Wishing you a wonderful
weekend!
JEFF
DENHAM
P.S. If you want to hear more about the votes I took
this week, see pictures of what Im up to or ask me questions about my
views, please follow me on
Twitter ,
Facebook or
YouTube . If you have friends
whod like to receive this newsletter, please encourage them to
subscribe !
What do you
think we should do to alleviate Californias drought?
Increase water storage with
federal funding Build tunnels under the delta Spend federal money on water conservation and recycling
efforts Build
desalination plants along the coast Not allow any more growth within
California *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701
Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
