
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
February 25, 2014
Friends,
This past week I continued touring our local businesses and
meeting with community leaders and constituents on my jobs tour across
North Carolinas eighth district. My main focus on this tour was to
gain a better understanding of how Washingtons policies are impacting
jobs in our community.
As your Representative, my top three
priorities remain jobs, jobs and
jobs.
During my jobs tour, I stopped by the
Salisbury
Post
to discuss my goals to find commonsense, permanent solutions to
our nations most pressing problems and my commitment to serving you
and our community.
Check out the article
below!
Rep.
Hudson talks unemployment benefits, minimum wage,
jobs
Salisbury
Post , by Jim Holt
U.S. Rep.
Richard Hudson said he is standing on his original campaign goal of
being a congressman who reaches across the aisle while continuing to
stand on his own
principles.
Hudson, R-8th District, filed to retain his seat last
week.
Looking to pursue a second term in office, Hudson visited the Salisbury
Post on Thursday and spoke to the editorial staff regarding his
aspirations if re-elected, problems facing Americans, the gridlock between
polarized parties in Washington, D.C., and Democrats decisions he said
are detrimental to the countrys
future.
In a divided government, I think you
cant get things done without working together, Hudson said. I didnt
run just to be a congressman, I ran to get things
done.
Last year, Hudson was one
of 144 lawmakers in the U.S. House of Representatives who voted
against ending the federal government
shutdown.
Ill admit I was nave when it came to
the government shutdown, because I believed (U.S. Sen.) Harry Reid
couldnt get away with not talking to us, Hudson said. I thought what
we were asking was pretty reasonable
that we give a one-year delay
on the tax on individuals if they didnt buy insurance this year, and
that we dont give Congress a special
deal.
The U.S. Senate would not even sit
down and talk with us, Hudson
said.
Hudson said Republicans appeared as the bad
guys since Democrats refused to negotiate and the shutdown
continued.
One
lesson I learned is that we need to avoid shutting down the government,
Hudson said. That is not a good way to achieve our
aims.
If Hudson could have
his way, he said he would scrap the new health care law and start
over.
Since
society is ultra-personalized nowadays, Hudson said, the
one-size-fits-all health care approach is not the right solution for
people.
My hope is, now
that the law is implemented and were seeing all the problems with it,
there will be an appetite by the Democrats to start fixing some of these
things, Hudson said. I was shocked
when we had the shutdown
that they werent even willing to talk about that. Its just so unfair
that youre going to have to pay a tax because you didnt buy a health
care plan you didnt want on a website that doesnt
work.
In regard to
immigration reform, Hudson said the countrys biggest problem is that it is
easier to come across the border illegally and get a job than it is to do
so legally and get a
job.
The immigration system is broken, Hudson said, and the
fixing involves getting the border under control, looking at internal
enforcement as well as E-Verify
another system Hudson said doesnt
work.
We
need both the high-end visas and the skilled-worker visas. If you look
at every industrialized country in the world, they give about 80
percent of their visas based on job skills. We give 12 percent, Hudson
said. The rest are lottery or (for) family members. We need to give out
visas based on the people we want to bring in, and that means doctors
and scientists.
The effort to raise the minimum wage is a false issue, Hudson
said, and an effort by President Barack Obama to change
subjects.
Its a red
herring. Raising minimum wage decreases the number of jobs available,
Hudson said. Im interested more in jobs for everybody and more
opportunities. We need some entry-level jobs for folks, but I dont want
people trapped in an entry-level
job.
When it comes to talks of extending
unemployment benefits, Hudson said he is wrestling with the
idea.
Studies show that most
people find a job in the last 60 days of their unemployment benefits
regardless of how long they have been on it. The last 60 days is when
everybody finds their job because there is the incentive to go find one,
Hudson said.
The question revolves around the nature of true compassion,
Hudson said.
Is
it providing people with benefits or is it making sure we dont trap
people in a system of dependency, Hudson
said.
A safety net is crucial for
certain people in society who truly need it, Hudson said, but it is immoral
when that safety net becomes a hammock and a persons incentive to
work is taken away.
Were trapping people. Were stealing their dignity. Do we
extend unemployment insurance? Its hard for me to say Yes,
Hudson
said.
In
North Carolinas 8th District, Hudson said his main priority is creating
new jobs following the significant losses of textile and furniture jobs
over the years.
The federal governments policies are putting a wet blanket on
job creation, Hudson said, and the uncertainty and lack of faith in
the government or brighter future is stopping people from
hiring.
When we have
debates in Washington, I dont talk about numbers and graphs and charts.
I talk about real people back home and what they are really dealing
with, Hudson said. This isnt about this party or that party or
scoring a political victory. This is about real people being hurt back
here. Its very personal for
me.
As of Thursday evening, the only challenger Hudson
is facing so far is Antonio Blue
a Democrat from
Hamlet.
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704)
7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC
28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
