
February 9, 2014
Going for Olympic Gold: Removing the Tax Burden from Team USA
Olympic medalists will pay thousands to bring home the gold in the Winter Games, so I reintroduced the TEAM Act to
eliminate the IRS' pay day on
their medals.
With the 2014 Winter Olympics now upon us, last week I reintroduced the Tax Exemptions for American Medalists (TEAM) Act. In case you missed it Wednesday night, click
here
to watch KIII TV 3's report on the TEAM Act.
Now that the Winter Olympics have kicked off in Sochi, we can expect Team USA to bring home the gold.
But at a hefty price.
As it stands now, U.S. Olympic athletes could pay taxes as high as
$9,000
on their winnings at the games. These are the same Americans who have dedicated most of their lives to training for the opportunity of a lifetime: representing our nation on the world stage. Our athletes and their families have given up a lot for their Olympic dreams.
The American dream is built on hard work and making sacrifices to achieve individual greatness.
No group of athletes better illustrates this than U.S. Olympic medalists. Our Olympic athletes are the embodiment of the American spirit and give hope to all who watch them compete on the world stage.
As Team USA takes the stage in Sochi and unites our nation, they should be met with our support
not
excessive taxes.
My bill,
H.R. 3987 , the
Tax Exemptions for American Medalists (TEAM) Act ,
will exempt U.S. Olympic athletes from paying taxes on the medals and awards they win competing on behalf of the United States in the Olympics.
The President
expressed support
for the TEAM Act when I introduced it last Congress, saying that if it were to get to his desk he would support it. Im glad the President agrees with me on fixing this problem with the tax code. Now he also needs to work with Congress on lessening the tax burden on
ALL
Americans. Tax rates are too high and the tax code is too complicated. We need a fairer, flatter and simpler system for all.
While I believe the best pathway to tax reform is through eliminating loopholes, implementing reforms like the Fair Tax and creating a simpler, flatter tax code, eliminating this unnecessary tax on our Olympic athletes is a good way to start. Lets support Team USA to bring home the gold - not ask them to pay for the gold they earned.
Discussing the TEAM Act with Hearst Television this week in DC.
Pursuing FISA Reforms to Protect Our Personal Liberty
During a FISA hearing in the Judiciary Committee, I questioned the Administration and outside experts on reforms to government surveillance programs and learned more about the recommendations of the President's NSA Review Group from some of its members. Click
here
to watch.
Americans are outraged about disturbing reports surrounding the NSA's surveillance methods and bulk data collection.
Part of my work on the Judiciary Committee is to protect our right to be free from unreasonable searches.
Tuesday, the Committee held a hearing to look into the legality of the government gathering American citizens private data under FISA. During the hearing, members questioned Administration and DOJ officials on the Presidents proposed reforms to surveillance programs. The Committee also heard testimony from the Review Group the President appointed to reform the NSAs metadata collection program
after it was discovered that, under it, the government has been collecting almost all personal phone records and other data as a means to allegedly investigate terrorism.
While I believe law enforcement and the intelligence community should have the resources necessary to combat terrorism, it is imperative that the government operates within the bounds of the Constitution.
I have serious concerns and legal questions about the impact of intelligence gathering on our personal liberties, and I posed some of them to the witnesses during our hearing. To hear how they responded, click
here
to watch my questioning from the hearing.
Examining the Likelihood of Obamacare Bailouts
From this week's Oversight Committee hearing, click
here
to watch me question the witness panel on Obamacare bailouts for insurance companies.
As the wheels continue to fall off the Obamacare train(wreck), will taxpayers be left holding the bag?
That's a question I asked in a Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing this week. During the hearing, two panels of witnesses (including Sen. Marco Rubio) testified on how likely it is that insurance companies will need a taxpayer-funded bailout because of Obamacare.
As we continue to uncover more and more devastating effects of the President's health care takeover on the American people, rest assured that Im actively working to stop it.
CCAD Honored at the Pentagon with Prestigious Award for Excellence
Picture of the program from Wednesday's award ceremony.
Last week, the Corpus Christi Army Depot was honored for their outstanding work on the UH-60 Blackhawks Recapitalization Program at the Pentagon. I had planned to attend the ceremony but, unfortunately, votes in the House kept me at the Capitol. My Chief of Staff Bob Haueter attended for me and
was among those present at the Pentagon headquarters when CCAD was presented with the
"Robert T. Mason Award for Depot Maintenance Excellence"
on behalf of the Secretary of Defense. The Robert T. Mason Award for Depot Maintenance Excellence recognizes exceptional quality and achievement in DoD depot-level maintenance programs. The highly competitive award is presented annually to the program that best exemplifies responsive, transformational, organic depot-level maintenance support to DoD operating units.
Pictured here at the award ceremony are Alan Estevez (Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics), Kresten Cook (Deputy to the Commander for Support Operations) and Sergeant Major Martin Dickinson (Army Command Sergeant).
I was proud to personally congratulate Kresten Cook and Sergeant Major Martin Dickinson in my DC office the following morning. Congratulations, as well, to everyone at the Corpus Christi Army Depot on earning this distinguished honor. Thank you all for your service to those who serve and all of America.
Be Aware: How to Protect Yourself from Cyber Security Risks during the Winter Olympics
Even if you're not traveling to Sochi for the XXII Olympic Winter Games, your cyber security could still be at risk. As with many international level media events, hacktivists may attempt to take advantage of the large audience to spread their own message. Additionally, cyber criminals may use the Winter Games and its large captive online audience as an opportunity to lure in spam, phishing or drive-by-download campaigns to gain personal information.
From the National Cyber Awareness System, here's how you can protect yourself from potential cyber security threats when observing the Winter Games, whether you're traveling to Sochi or watching footage at home on your computer:
Hacktivists
A number of hacktivist campaigns may attach themselves to the upcoming Olympics simply to take advantage of the on-looking audience. For example, the hacktivist group, Anonymous Caucasus, has launched what appears to be a threat against any company that finances or supports the winter games. This group states the Sochi games infrastructure was built on the graves of 1 million innocent Caucasians who were murdered by the Russians in 1864. According to Trusted Third Party analysis, the group has been linked to distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks on Russian banks in October 2013. Therefore, the group is likely capable of waging similar attacks on the websites of organizations they believe financed Olympic related activities; however, no specific threat or target has been identified at the time of this report.
Olympic coverage
Whether viewing live coverage, event replays, or checking medal statistics online, its important to visit only trusted websites. Events which gain significant public interest and media coverage are often used as lures for spam or spearphishing campaigns. Malicious actors may also create fake websites and domains that appear to be official Olympic news or coverage that can be used to deliver malware to an end user upon visiting the site (also known as drive-by downloads or wateringholes).
NBCUniversal offers exclusive coverage of the games for viewers via NBC, NBCSN, MSNBC, USA Network,
NBCOlympics.com
and corresponding Twitter, Facebook and Instagram accounts. Viewers should be wary of any other source claiming to provide live coverage. As always, it is best to visit trusted resources directly rather than clicking on emailed links or opening attachments.
Purchasing tickets or merchandise at the Games
According to the official Winter Olympics website:
http://www.sochi2014.com , Visa will be the only card accepted for all purchases including tickets and merchandise at the Games. Tickets may only be purchased through Authorized Ticket Resellers (ATR). Individuals can validate the authenticity of an ATR offering tickets by using the Website Checker tool available on the official Sochi website. The designated ATR in the United States is CoSport, and at the time of this report, individuals purchasing tickets through CoSport may only pick up their tickets at CoSports Host City Collection Center in Sochi, Russia. Any ticket offer from a site not recognized as an ATR or accepting payment methods outside of VISA are likely fraudulent and should be met with skepticism.
Traveling to Sochi
When traveling abroad its important to know your host countries laws and policies, particularly when it comes to privacy. Russia has a national system of lawful interception of all electronic communications. The System of Operative-Investigative Measures, or SORM, legally allows the Russian FSB to monitor, intercept, and block any communication sent electronically (i.e. cell phone or landline calls, internet traffic, etc.). SORM-1 captures telephone and mobile phone communications, SORM-2 intercepts internet traffic, and SORM-3 collects information from all forms of communication, providing long-term storage of all information and data on subscribers, including actual recordings and locations. Reports of Rostelecom, Russias national telecom operator, installing deep packet inspection (DPI ) means authorities can easily use key words to search and filter communications. Therefore, it is important that attendees understand communications while at the Games should not be considered private.
Russia also retains broad inbound encryption license requirements. Taking laptops and other devices into the country is unrestricted; however software may be inspected upon departure. This means, any computer or software containing sensitive or encrypted data may be confiscated by Russian authorities when individuals depart from the country . Travelers may want to consider leaving personal electronic devices (e.g. laptops, smartphones, tablets) at home or alternatively bring loaner devices that do not already store sensitive data on them and can be wiped upon return to your home country. If individuals decide to bring their personal devices, consider all communications and files on them to be vulnerable to interception or confiscation.
Follow Me on Twitter
RT
@congressdotgov : Recently presented to the President:
#HR2860 , OPM IG Act, by
@farenthold
http://beta.congress.gov/bill/113th-congress/house-bill/2860/?loclr=twtho
7 Feb 2014
During our
#FISA
hearing, we questioned the Admin on US surveillance reforms &amp; heard recs from his
#NSA
Review Group:
http://bit.ly/MZ8K7C
4 Feb 2014
Corpus Christi Fox affiliate Super Bowl feed has crashed. Grrrr.
2 Feb 2014
Connect
Latest News
Farenthold reintroduces TEAM Act in Washington
Nueces County Record Star
The price of gold: Taking first place in Olympics could cost US stars as much as $10G in taxes
Fox News
Should US Olympians Pay Taxes on Medals?
ABC News
Farenthold reintroduces TEAM Act in Washington
Alice Echo-News Journal
Athletes in the Olympics could face taxes for any prizes
TheCelebrityCafe.com
A tax break for Olympic medalists?
The Hill
Lawmakers propose Olympic tax break
AccountingWEB
Eagle Ford Shale boom lessens but doesn't erase area's unemployment numbers
Caller Times
Chamber honors Louis Kuntschik
The Gonzales Inquirer
The Week Ahead
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Field Hearing:
Assessing NASAs Underutilized Real Property Assets at the Kennedy Space Center
Monday, February 10
9:00 a.m. ET
Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex 1, Kennedy Parkway
Kennedy Space Center, FL
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Field Hearing:
The Charleston, West Virginia Chemical Spill
Monday, February 10
9:00 a.m. ET
Ceremonial Courtroom 4, 2nd Floor, Kanawha County Courthouse
407 Virginia Street East
Charleston, WV
Oversight and Government Reform Committee
Markup :
H.R. 2804
- All Economic Regulations are Transparent Act of 2013;
H.R. 4011
- Alaska Bypass Fair Competition Act;
H.R. 3308
- Taxpayer Transparency Act of 2013
Tuesday, February 11
9:00 a.m. ET
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing:
DC Navy Yard Shooting: Fixing the Security Clearance Process
Tuesday, February 11
10:00 a.m. ET
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Subcommittee Hearing:
"H.R. ____, the Searching for and Cutting Regulations that are Unnecessarily Burdensome Act of 2014"
Tuesday, February 11
1:00 p.m. ET
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
The House should be voting on...
H.R. 2431
- The National Integrated Drought Information Systems Reauthorization Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. Ralph Hall / Science, Space, and Technology Committee)
H.Res. 447
- Supporting the democratic and European aspirations of the people of Ukraine and their right to choose their own future free of intimidation and fear, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Eliot Engel / Foreign Affairs Committee)
H.R. 3578
- To ensure that any new or revised requirement providing for the screening, testing, or treatment of an airman or an air traffic controller for a sleep disorder is adopted pursuant to a rulemaking proceeding, and for other purposes
(Sponsored by Rep. Frank LoBiondo / Transportation and Infrastructure Committee)
H.R. 3448
- Small Cap Liquidity Reform Act of 2013, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Sean Duffy / Financial Services Committee)
H.R. 3193
- Consumer Financial Protection and Soundness Improvement Act of 2013, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Sean Duffy / Financial Services Committee)
Possible Consideration of the Legislation Related to the Debt Limit
Texas Water Day
2014
This week in the capital, I addressed members of the the Texas Water Conservation Association as a part of the TWCA's "Texas Water Day 2014."
Around the 27th District
This week, my Veterans Field Representative Capt. Rene Coronado attended the Nueces County Veterans Council. Also in attendance Thursday night were members of the Boy Scouts of Portland, who were presented with their public service badge by my office.
My Field Representatives Luis Buentello and Kyle Macdonald attended the 2014 Red Cross Bash Kick-Off Party at its Coastal Bend area headquarters in Corpus Christi. The event gave attendees the opportunity to tour the facility and meet with area Red Cross volunteers and administrators, as well as learn more about the upcoming Red Cross Bash fundraiser.
At the Port Aransas Chamber of Commerce Membership Luncheon, Kyle was among those in the packed room who heard a presentation from TxDOT District Engineer Lonnie Gregorcyk on the Port Aransas Ferry.
Saturday morning, my Field Representative Casey Newman observed the Victoria Korean War Veterans Parade in downtown Victoria. To all our Korean War Veterans: thank you for your service and for all of the sacrifices you've made to keep America free. God Bless You.
Casey also attended the Port Lavaca Chamber of Commerce banquet to present certificates for Congressional Recognition to the award winners, including Port Lavaca Chamber "Man of the Year" Jerry McClendon and "Woman of the Year" Jean Wehmeyer.
In Wharton, my Field Representative Carol Wootton presented a U.S. flag to Faith Christian Academy on my behalf. Carol is pictured here with FCA student Jack Wakefield and FCA's new flag.
Luis and Capt. Coronado visited an exhibit aboard the USS Lexington honoring Texas veterans of the Vietnam War.
The exhibit was brought in from Austin, escorted by Patriot Riders Honor Guard and members of the American Legion Post 364. The Texas Vietnam Heroes Exhibit will be open through the end of the month. I plan to visit myself while I'm home.
From My Instagram
(From Tuesday's Oversight Committee hearing)
This morning's hearing is on Obamacare bailouts for insurance companies, where we'll hear testimony from
@marcorubiofla
&amp; other panel witnesses. Glad to report that Sen. Rubio looks fully hydrated.
I joined some of my fellow Texans (including
@repcarter
and
@replouiegohmert ) Tuesday night to thank the
@TexasStateSociety
for all of their hard work and celebrate with some Bluebell #GodBlessTexas
At our Judiciary hearing on protecting our liberty through FISA reform
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here