
Why I Voted Against Raising The Debt Ceiling
Dear Friend,
As a fiscal conservative and member of the House Appropriations Committee, I have worked hard to eliminate wasteful and duplicative government programs. Last year alone, the House Appropriations Committee held more than 110 budget and oversight hearings to weed out waste and make careful line-by-line budget decisions. House conservatives have forced Washington to reduce total annual spending for two straight yearsthe first time since the Korean Warand we have rolled back our annual spending levels to 2006-2007 levels. But this annual spending is just a fraction of the federal budget: in fact, the annual budget is less than 33 percent of total federal spending. The real drivers of our debt are our social safety net programsMedicare and Social Securityand these programs have more than $100 trillion in unfunded liabilities.
Medicare and Social Security are going broke . When todays 46 year old retires, his or her Social Security benefits will be cut by 23 percent. The Social Security benefits that our parents counted on will not be there for tomorrows retirees.
The debt ceiling bill the House passed this week contained
no spending cuts or mandatory spending reform . That is unacceptable and why I voted against it . The longer we wait to enact reforms, the harder it will be. We must act now if we are going to preserve these programs for current beneficiaries and future generations.
Our fellow Texan, Sam Johnson, has introduced one solution to help ensure the long-term health of the Social Security program.
H.R. 1502
prevents people from receiving both Social Security disability benefits and unemployment benefits at the same time and saves at least $1 billion over 10 years. Chairman Johnsons common sense bill ends this double dipping and preserves Social Security benefits for only those who truly cannot work. You can read more about the efforts of House conservatives to preserve and protect Social Security for future generations at
www.waysandmeans.house.gov/entitlementreform .
These are the kinds of real reforms that House conservatives are proposing and Social Security and Medicare need.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.
Multimedia
To view the latest video of Congressman Culberson,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here