DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
January 29, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Greetings from the 19th
Dear Friend,
I am pleased to report that earlier today the House of Representatives passed the House-Senate conference report to H.R. 2642, the Federal Agriculture Reform and Risk Management (FARRM) Act.
The legislation, which included every title of farm policy, contains a number of provisions I authored and supported that will benefit New York farmers and rural communities.
The FARRM Act sets agriculture policy for five years and it is expected to pass the Senate and be signed into law by the President.
As a member of the House Agriculture Committee and representative of a district where agriculture is the number one driver of our economy, finishing the Farm Bill has been a mission I have been determined to complete.
This bill is good for New York and good for our country.
Here at home, the bill represents a significant victory for our local farmers.
There are provisions that will ensure farmers have the ability to sustain and grow their operations, and we can keep our rural communities strong.
My language overhauls the safety net program for dairy farmers, encourages the growth and sustainability of local and regional agriculture and organic farming, protects conservation programs, and helps beginning farmers access the capital they need to enter the field.
For our rural communities, we protected and improved the rural broadband loan program once again and we also make reforms to better address Lyme Disease, a public health scourge in our area.
On all of these fronts, constituent input directed my advocacy and the final bill reflected this work.
For Kingston, which is an integral part of the agricultural economy because of the rural nature of Ulster County, its farmers markets, restaurants, and other attributes, the bill expands eligibility for rural development programs for the city.
Representing our New York farms on the House Agriculture Committee is an honor and a privilege, and I thank all of my constituents who took time to be a part of this process.
Todays vote has proven
once again
when we work together, across party lines, we can achieve real results that are better than the status quo for our country.
You can read more about the bill here: http://gibson.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=368106.
Finally, last night, the President delivered his State of the Union Address.
While I agree with some of his proposals, I believe the President needs to be more engaged with the Congress.
We need policies that grow our economy, lower tax rates for hardworking American families, create jobs, restore fiscal responsibility and a balanced budget, and reform our healthcare system in a way that works.
Regrettably, the President has been absent in these discussions, and I hope 2014 will be year we can make real progress forward.
As the Farm Bill, the bipartisan two-year budget, and the federal spending bill have shown us, working together we can achieve results that are good for our district and certainly better than the status quo.
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
Poughkeepsie Journal:
Congressmen hope ties forged in Haiti boost bipartisanship
WRGB :
State of the Union Reaction
Real Clear Politics :
State of the Union Response
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
My Committees
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1708 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5614
F (202) 225-1168
Click Here Click Here