
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller: HBCH and
Senior Life Solutions Center
Saving and Improving Lives
Rep. Miller with extended care patient Fred Schippert
Harrison Township, MI
&#8211; Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) visited
the Harbor Beach Community Hospital and its new Senior Life Solutions Center in Harbor Beach, MI to learn about the hospital&#8217;s latest community services and outreach efforts.
&#8220;Through its expanded community service and outreach, the dedicated staff at the Harbor Beach Community Hospital facilities are saving and improving lives,&#8221;
Miller stated after today&#8217;s visit.
&#8220; I was especially impressed with the resources the hospital has dedicated to meet the social and emotional needs of students and elderly
in the community.
Challenges associated with depression and anxiety are common for both the young and the elderly. And Harbor Beach Community Hospital is on the leading edge of proactively addressing these challenges in our
area. Our society must make mental health a priority, just like our physical well being, which is why I recently cosponsored legislation (H.R. 3717) to focus national resources on the psychiatric care for patients and families most in need.&#8221;
About the Harbor Beach Community Hospital and Senior Life Solutions Center:
Harbor Beach Community Hospital (HBCH) is a general medical and surgical hospital that performs critical inpatient and outpatient services to the Harbor Beach community as well as mental health services for students
in Harbor Beach. The Senior Life Solutions Center, HBCH&#8217;s new intensive outpatient program, helps older adults in Harbor Beach and surrounding areas adapt to evolving lifestyles associated with the aging process. To learn more, please visit HBCH online:
http://www.hbch.org/ .
Highlights of H.R. 3717: the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act:
Empowers parents and caregivers by clarifying Health Information Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) privacy rule and the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act so physicians and mental health professionals can provide
crucial information to parents and caregivers about a loved one who is in an acute mental health crisis.
Increases access to acute care psychiatric beds for the most critical patients.
Promotes alternatives to long-term inpatient care.
Advances tele-psychiatry to link pediatricians and primary care physicians with psychiatrists and psychologists in areas where patients do not have access to mental health professionals.
Creates Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use Disorders within the Department of Health and Human Services to coordinate federal government programs.
Protects certain classes of drugs commonly used to treat mental illness.
Applies rigorous quality standards for a new class of Federally Qualified Community Behavioral Health Clinics (FQCBHC), requiring them to provide a range of mental health and primary care services.
Eliminates federal legal barriers under the Federal Tort Claims Act preventing physician volunteerism at community mental health clinics and federally-qualified health centers.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
