
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
February 16, 2014
Friends,
Tomorrow,
our country celebrates George Washington's birthday.
President Washington's heroic leadership and foresight led to the establishment of the greatest country in the world.
As a private citizen, Commander in Chief, and President of the United States, his respect for our Constitution and the separation of powers never wavered.
This bold leadership and willingness to work across the aisle led America through tribulations and into good fortune.
(Image via Agence France-Presse)
Disaster Declaration Issued; Warming Shelters Open Across District
As our state recovers from the worst winter storm in a decade, President Obama has honored Governor Nikki Haleys request for federal disaster declaration.
This declaration authorizes federal aid to help South Carolina with costs from Winter Storm Pax.
If you or your neighbors have lost power and
need a warm place to stay, the American Red Cross has shelters open across the Pee Dee and Grand Strand.
To find a shelter near you, click
HERE .
If you
need any additional assistance, don't hesitate to call one of
my offices : Pee Dee at 679-9781; Grand Strand at 445-6459; or Washington DC at 202-225-9895.
Thank You For Your Input
I enjoyed talking with many of you during my telephone town hall event last Monday.
During the call, we discussed the importance of our countrys infrastructure, American competitiveness, and the Separation of Powers outlined in our Constitution.
Your input is always welcomed , and I was happy to answer questions regarding my Stop This Overreaching Presidency (STOP) Resolution and what I am doing to protect our freedom.
During the town hall, I asked for you to answer this poll question:
What do you think is the most pressing issue facing our country today?
As you can see below, a majority of you think the debt and deficit are troubling.
I agree, which is why I could not support the no-strings-attached debt ceiling increase Congress passed last week.
I will hold another telephone town hall event in March and will send you more details about the call soon.
Another Day, Another Delay
Hours before our telephone town hall, the Obama Administration
announced another delay
of the Obamacare employer mandate.
The President cannot continue to bypass Congress and change our countrys laws whenever he feels like it.
Successful businesses plan ahead, and they cannot create --much less implement-- a plan when the President changes the law every day on a whim.
This is the latest example of our President's overreach.
Growing tired of witnessing overreach after overreach,
I introduced the Stop This Overreaching Presidency (STOP) Resolution.
I will continue to ensure that the President puts his Constitutional duty first and his party, legacy, and politics at a far second. Currently, the STOP Resolution has
106 cosponsors .
In Case You Missed It
Last week, WMBF News aired a story on my first year in Congress.
Reporter Will Whitson spent the day with me and my staff in Washington going to meetings, votes, and hearings.
We recapped the progress made during my first year in Congress.
To watch the interview, please
click HERE .
It is an honor and privilege to serve you and your family.
Have a good week,
Washington D.C. Office
325 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225
9895
Fax: (202) 225
9690
Grand Strand Office
2411 N. Oak Street
Suite 405
Myrtle Beach, SC 29577
Phone: (843) 445
6459
Fax: (843) 445
6418
Pee Dee Office
1831 West Evans Street
Suite 300
Florence, SC 29501
Phone: (843) 679
9781
Fax: (843) 679
9783
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list