
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Week of February 10, 2014
McConnell, Paul, Rogers and Whitfield Meet with U.S. Fish and Wildlife; Urge Agency to Restore Lake Cumberland Water Levels and Save Kentucky Jobs
On Tuesday, at the request of Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell and Senator Rand Paul, Daniel Ashe, Director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, met with Senators McConnell and Paul, Lamar Alexander (R-TN) and Congressmen Hal Rogers (KY-05) and Ed Whitfield (KY-01) to discuss the water levels at Lake Cumberland. During the meeting in Senator McConnell&rsquo;s leadership office, the members urged the agency to complete its study on the duskytail darter, a 2.5 inch minnow on the federal endangered species list, in an expedited manner that would allow for the restoration of pre-2007 water levels on which the local community relies for its economic wellbeing.
&ldquo;This is an issue of great importance to our state and we appreciate Dan Ashe coming to the Capitol today to hear our concerns regarding the water level of Lake Cumberland and its impact on the Kentucky economy and jobs,&rdquo; the members said following the meeting. &ldquo;The past seven years of reduced water levels have not only hurt small businesses that rely on tourism, but have also strained local governments as local towns have had to lower their water intake. We urge the U.S. Fish &amp; Wildlife Service to move quickly and ensure the water levels of Lake Cumberland are raised adequately to support tourism prior to the peak season in 2014.&rdquo;
Last week, Senators McConnell and Paul and Congressmen Rogers and Whitfield contacted the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the Fish and Wildlife Service regarding the issue. A copy of their letter is available
HERE .
Top L-R: Sen. McConnell, Director Ashe, Rep. Rogers, and Rep. Whitfield Bottom L-R: Sen. Alexander, Sen. Paul, Sen. McConnell, and Director Ashe
Click
HERE
to read a report on Wednesday from the
Commonwealth Journal
in Somerset:
&ldquo;Lawmakers angle with U.S. Fish &amp; Wildlife to expedite darter study&rdquo;
McConnell: Let&rsquo;s Exempt All Americans from Obamacare
On Monday, the Obama administration announced it is delaying again part of the Obamacare employer mandate, for a second year, exempting businesses&mdash;but not Kentucky families.
Following the Obama administration&rsquo;s latest Obamacare delay, Senator McConnell once again called for exempting all Americans from Obamacare, saying, &ldquo;The White House seems to have a new exemption from its failed law for a different group every month. It&rsquo;s time to extend that exemption to families and individuals&mdash;not just businesses. The real answer is to repeal Obamacare and replace it with reforms that lower costs and that Americans support.&rdquo;
This week, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor calling on the President to exempt all Americans from Obamacare and to start over and replace Obamacare with bipartisan reforms.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;For months, the folks in my state have watched the Administration hand out exemption after exemption to its friends and waiver after waiver to the politically connected&hellip;More than a quarter-million Kentuckians received notice last year that their health insurance plans would be cancelled because of Obamacare.
He continued: &ldquo;Kentuckians lost plans they liked and want to keep and many realized they wouldn&rsquo;t be able to afford new coverage. Or that new plans wouldn&rsquo;t cover the doctors and hospitals they&rsquo;d come to know and trust or that massively increased premiums and deductibles would radically alter the ways they lived and worked. So while I&rsquo;m sure the folks who conceived of the law meant well, this much seems clear by now: trying to run folks&rsquo; lives from hundreds of miles away is not the way to help. It&rsquo;s often the way to make things a lot worse.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
McConnell Votes to Restore Full Cost-of-Living Adjustment for Military Retirees
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell voted to restore benefits to military retirees that had been cut as part of separate legislation in December, which he opposed. The bill is now on the President&rsquo;s desk and awaits his signature.
&ldquo;As a long-time supporter of benefits for our servicemembers, veterans, military retirees and their families, I am pleased the Senate approved the legislation which restores the full annual cost-of-living adjustment (COLA) to all current military retirees, including those in Kentucky.
Our country&rsquo;s servicemembers volunteered to serve their nation and they are entitled to the benefits they were promised.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell opposed the reduction in this military retiree benefit&mdash;which was included in the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013&mdash;and earlier this year, offered an amendment on the Senate floor that would have restored the full COLA for all military retirees who would have seen the benefit reduced.
Unfortunately, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid blocked this and other proposals to restore the full COLA which Senator McConnell cosponsored, including the &ldquo;Keeping our Promise to our Military Heroes Act.&rdquo;
This week, Senator McConnell met with Department of Defense employees from Fort Campbell who help support our nation&rsquo;s servicemembers.
Terri Simpson of Fort Campbell and Sen. McConnell
Bryan Winquist of Fort Campbell and Sen. McConnell
Julio Thomas of Fort Campbell and Sen. McConnell
Republican Senators Introduce Bill to Halt Proposed IRS Free Speech Restrictions
This week, Senator McConnell continued to oppose the Obama Administration&rsquo;s new rules designed to limit free speech. The Senator delivered remarks on the Senate floor regarding Republican legislation that would prevent the Obama Administration&rsquo;s use of the IRS to suppress American free speech.
He said, &ldquo;Instead of putting safeguards in place to protect our civil liberties, the Obama Administration is now dragging the IRS back in the opposite direction. It&rsquo;s now pushing a regulation that would actually entrench and encourage the harassment of groups that dare to speak up and engage in the conversation.
&ldquo;Last week, I joined several of my colleagues in sending a letter to the new Commissioner of the IRS that laid out these concerns. We reminded Commissioner Koskinen that he was confirmed with a mandate to reform the IRS and return the agency to its actual mission &ndash; processing tax returns, not suppressing speech.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
Meeting with Kentuckians in the Commonwealth
On Friday, Senator McConnell was in Louisville and Shelbyville to speak and visit with Kentuckians.
Senator McConnell speaks with students from DeSales High School and members of the Jeffersontown Chamber of Commerce in Louisville.
Senator McConnell meets and talks with employees at Roll Forming Corporation, a manufacturer in Shelbyville.
Senator McConnell talks about tobacco and agriculture with farmers in Shelby County and Future Farmers of America (FFA) members from Collins High School in Shelbyville.
Senator McConnell meets with FFA members from Collins High School in Shelbyville.
Welcome to Washington
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell welcomed the Kentucky branch officers of the National League of Postmasters to his office in the United States Capitol. During their meeting, they talked about the importance of rural post offices in Kentucky.
Sen. McConnell and Vice President Dora Carlson of Murray
Sen. McConnell and Secretary/Treasurer Brenda Knoth of Dawson Springs
Sen. McConnell and Kris and Karl Buss of Fulton. Karl serves as the Legislative Chair.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell welcomed to his office in the U.S. Capitol, Joe Miller of &ldquo;BAF&rdquo; and his family from Lexington.
Senator McConnell met with Dr. Lindell Ormsbee and James Kipp of the Kentucky Water Resources Research Institute (KWRRI) at the University of Kentucky.
KWRRI Director Dr. Lindell Ormsbee and Sen. McConnell
KWRRI Associate Director James Kipp and Sen. McConnell
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell met with Kentucky members of the National Alfalfa &amp; Forage Alliance and discussed their work supporting Kentucky&rsquo;s equine and livestock industries.
Bill Talley of Princeton, Clayton Geralds of Munfordville, Sen. McConnell, and Ray Smith of Lexington.
Also on Wednesday, Senator McConnell met with and thanked Kentucky Federal Corrections Officer, Don Peace, of United States Penitentiary McCreary for his service to the Commonwealth.
KY Fed Corrections Officer Don Peace and Sen. McConnell
This week, Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting John Cullen and Scott Hougham of LockUpLead in Louisville to learn about their work in keeping Kentucky children safe from lead-based paint.
Top: LockUpLead Co-Founder, CEO and Chairman John Cullen and Sen. McConnell Bottom: LockUpLead Director of Business Development Scott Hougham and Sen. McConnell
Also this week, Senator McConnell met with Kentucky Rural Water Association members from across the Commonwealth. They discussed issues of importance affecting rural water across the state.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell met with Kentuckians of the Computing Technology Association.
Dawn Yankeelov, Co-Chair, Technology Association of Louisville, and Sen. McConnell
Jeffrey Smith from Louisville of eCommerce World Retailers and Sen. McConnell
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation's capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
