
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
February 21, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Newsroom
|
Our District
|
Constituent Services
|
Visit DC
|
Contact
Tim
In This Week's Edition of
E-News...
Westmoreland Community Rallies at Murphy Town Hall
To Combat Drug Addiction
Energy Prices
Spiking As Coal Plants Shut Down
VA Says Disciplinary Action is Coming On Legionnaires
Outbreak
Cornerstone
Ministries Hosts Local Congressmen at Forum
Important Update for Veterans on New Secure Health Identification Cards
Westmoreland Community Rallies at Murphy Town Hall
To Combat Drug Addiction
Nearly 200 Southwestern Pennsylvanians came out to St. Vincent
College on Wednesday to participate in Hidden Crisis: Examining
Prescription Drug and Heroin Addiction in Our Community. Turnout for the
town hall, which was hosted by Rep. Murphy, doubled expectations as
parents, recovering addicts, friends, police officers, and treatment
professionals showed up to share ideas on combating an epidemic of heroin
and prescription painkillers that took more than 90 lives in
Westmoreland County alone last year; thats four times the number of overdose
deaths in the county from a decade ago.
Some of the most moving testimonials at Rep. Murphys town
hall were from parents who lost children to addiction, and young men who
themselves battled heroin. They testified to their struggles beginning
with alcohol abuse in their early teens.
Rep. Murphy hears from a mother who lost her son to heroin and a young
man in
recovery.
Addiction is incurable, but it is treatable,
stated one young man who triumphantly recovering heroin addiction.
With education, love and community, we can do so much to help the
addict and the addicts families.
A mother from Somerset, who lost her 18-year-old son last August
after he overdosed on heroin mixed with fentanyl, encouraged those
struggling with addiction to persevere. Go and help others, pass it forward
and dont break your mothers heart, she
said.
Another young man, in his mid-twenties, discussed
how hed been in prison for 18 months but received no treatment. Upon
his release, he quickly relapsed but has since found help. He delivered
words of encouragement to those struggling with addiction.
Just dont give up, dont give up, he said. I just celebrated a year
recovered on February 11 th . I still cant believe I made it a
year because I couldnt make it one minute, one
second.
Rep. Murphy stressed the need to approach
addiction as a medical and public health
concern.
"Treating addiction simply as a law enforcement
issue will not result in success. We need a three-pronged approach
focusing on prevention, intervention and treatment. Studies show those
with an addiction illness enter treatment seven times before it works,
which means we must expand access to evidence-based effective
treatments and even more importantly, get to those individuals before they
start down a destructive path."
Drug abuse is often a form of self-medication for the nearly nine
million persons with both a mental and substance use disorder. To increase
access to effective evidence-based medical care for these individuals,
Rep. Murphy authored the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act
( H.R. 3717 ). Murphy told the audience how this
legislation helps address the drug problem by breaking down barriers
to mental health treatment for individuals and
families.
Several addiction doctors, community
activists, and educators at the forum called for greater physician education
to discourage over-supplying prescription pain killers. In
particular, both the medical and law enforcement communities want to see a more
robust prescription monitoring program in Pennsylvania that would
provide real-time data about an individual patients prescription history
to doctors so they could refer patients at risk of addiction to
treatment.
Mt. Lebanon Police Chief
Coleman McDonough gave his blunt assessment of the issue: Im here
because Im tired of people dyingand we have to try another tactic
than arresting and incarcerating.
Other ideas were shared that could make an immediate impact. Rep.
Murphy noted that unused and expired prescription painkillers can be a
safety risk for families.
We
can no longer leave these things lying in cabinets and cupboards. You
must dispose of them properly.
Prescription Drug Take-Back Locations will receive unused
medications, no questions asked. To find a drop spot near you, visit the
following web sites:
Allegheny ,
Greene ,
Washington ,
Westmoreland .
To watch the
Hidden Crisis town hall,
click here
or go to
Congressman Murphys website at Murphy.House.gov to see photos from the
event.
To share your
thoughts on solutions to the drug epidemic please
click
here .
Energy Prices Spiking As Coal Plants Shut
Down
Westmoreland County
manufacturers will play a critical role in securing Americas energy freedom,
but only if the federal government stops advancing regulations that
make electricity costlier and scarcer, said Congressman Tim Murphy during
his keynote address at the Economic Growth Connection of Westmoreland
Annual Luncheon on Wednesday.
Rep Murphy discussed how companies like ABB in Mt. Pleasant, Elliot
in Jeannette, Westinghouse Walz Mill, and numerous local machine shops
are developing advanced technologies to more effectively utilize
coal, natural gas, and nuclear power. However, the current Administration
has sought to make it more difficult to use these homegrown energy
sources. New regulations from the Environmental Protection Agency are in
part responsible for the shutdown of twenty percent of coal
power.
The rapid shutdown of these coal
plants, including the Hatfield Ferry and Mitchell plants in
Southwestern Pennsylvania, has reduced affordable baseload coal power. Since
these plants have not been replaced with similar baseload capacity, grid
operators are buying electricity from emergency, costly backup
sources.
Last months cold snap
left the East Coast without sufficient natural gas for both electricity
and heating. The region was just a single power plant away from
large-scale rolling power outages. The situation was so dire that utilities
officials in New Hampshire had to activate a seldom-used turbine
powered by very expensive jet fuel.
The grid strain is a harbinger of things to come if the EPA can move
forward with its new clean coal rule. A recent hearing convened by
Chairman Murphy revealed that the EPA regulation will
raise electric bills
by 70 to 80
percent.
To share your thoughts on coal, natural gas, and
nuclear power, please
click
here .
VA Says
Disciplinary Action is Coming On Legionnaires
Outbreak
Officials from the VA Pittsburgh
Healthcare System (VAPHS) told Congressman Tim Murphy that disciplinary
action is pending in response to the 2011-12 Legionnaires Disease
outbreak that caused the deaths of six veterans. The announcement came
about during a briefing for Rep. Murphy about changes and reforms at the
hospital to improve patient safety.
The congressional investigation into the outbreak revealed
numerous operational failures, including that the hospital could never
properly flush its plumbing system at a superheated temperature to kill
legionella bacteria. The Pittsburgh VA has almost completed mapping of
the entire system and corrected 200 so-called dead legs. The VA is
expected to complete this month $10 million in upgrades that include
installation of mixing valves to assure the correct water
temperature.
This month, the House of
Representatives passed legislation co-authored by Rep. Murphy titled the
Infectious Disease Reporting Act (H.R. 1792), which requires the VA to
follow the same infectious disease reporting requirements that any
private hospital in a state must abide by. The VAPHS told Dr. Murphy they
are now following this standard and have also improved communication
between their infectious disease laboratory and hospital
clinicians.
Heinz History Center President Andy
Masich shows Murphy one of the first jeep prototypes off the assembly
line from the Bantam Car Co. in Butler - the jeep is said to have
helped win WWII for the
Allies.
Following his meeting at the VA,
Murphy visited the Senator John Heinz History Center to discuss a new
oral war history project. Beginning this fall, the Center will collect
first-person accounts from local WWII, Korean, Vietnam, Gulf, Iraq, and
Afghanistan war veterans. Murphy gave an update on his ongoing
work to keep open the 911 th
Airlift Wing and
171 st
Air National Guard. He offered to help the history center reach out
to these local military installations and veteran fellowship halls to
assist in the oral history project.
The center is also gearing up for a special exhibit on the
75 th
anniversary of World War II. To learn more about the
history center and membership opportunities, please click
here .
To share your
thoughts about these veteran issues, please
click
here .
Cornerstone Ministries Hosts Local Congressmen at
Forum
Members of
Cornerstone Ministries gathered this week at a special program entitled
The Changing Face of Being Pro-life Wednesday night with Congressmen
Tim Murphy and Keith Rothfus.
Murphy, a member of the Congressional Pro Life Caucus, started off his
remarks noting the ongoing conviction of those participating at event:
It is heartening to know that so many people in our community want
to protect the sanctity of the lives of the unborn. I stand with you in
the fight to protect the rights of these voiceless children. We are
making progress, and together we can continue to spread hope and let
families know that choosing life is the right choice and the only choice
because every child is wanted, he
said.
Pro-life supporters expressed concern that the Affordable
Care Act, also known as Obamacare, has increased the availability of
abortion services through the Department of Health and Human Services
(HHS) Preventive Service Mandate. The Preventive Service Mandate
requires all health insurance plans to cover contraception and
abortifacient drugs, as well as sterilization
procedures.
Murphy discusses faith and public service with Cornerstone TV,
check your local listings for when the interview will
air.
Certain religious exemptions have been issued to employers who oppose
contraception and abortion based on religious beliefs. The U.S. Supreme
Court will review the constitutionality of the Preventive Service
Mandate later this year.
Rep.
Murphy recently confronted HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius about the
mandates violation of religious freedom at a Health Subcommittee hearing.
Sebelius testified that contraception was an essential health benefit
that would help to reduce the number of pregnancies and save
money.
So youre saying by not
having babies born, were going to save money on healthcare, replied
Murphy. To watch, click
here .
Most recently, Rep. Murphy voted in favor of the No
Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act (H.R. 7), which passed the House on
January 28 th , 2014. H.R. 7 solidifies in law long-standing
policies banning the use of federal funds for abortion services. The
bill currently awaits further action in the
Senate.
Other speakers at the event forum included Upper
St. Clair resident Kurt Kondrich, a champion for children with Down
syndrome. As the founder of Stop Aborting Down Syndrome Individuals Now
(SADSIN), Kurt is on a mission to spread awareness that 90% of
pregnancies with a Down Syndrome baby are
terminated.
I want people to see the beautiful faces of our
kids and realize the priceless blessings and gives they are to a society
that has lost focus, said Mr. Kondrich. Read more about Chloe and
Kurt
here .
To share your thoughts on this story,
click
here .
Important Update for Veterans on New Secure Health
Identification Cards
More than 4 million veterans nationwide use Veterans
Identification Cards (VIC) for everything from prescription pickups to store
discounts. However, a security vulnerability in these
government-issued cards could make veterans susceptible to fraud. Last month, Rep.
Tim Murphy discussed his concerns
with WTAE-TV
about how a smartphone can be used to scan the bar code on the back of
the VA card to identify a veteran's Social Security
number.
This week the U.S. Department of Veterans
Affairs initiated the process for replacing the old VIC cards with
more secure Veteran Health Identification Card (VHIC). Replacement cards
are being mailed out, a process that will be completed in the next
nine to 12 months. The new cards have additional security features to
better protect a veterans personal
information.
In the interim, the VA recommends veterans
safeguard their VIC as they would a credit card, and cut up or shred the
card once it is replaced. For additional information on the new
VHIC please
click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
OFFICE
LOCATIONS
Washington Office
2332
Rayburn House Office Bldg.
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2301
Fax: (202)
225-1844
Pittsburgh
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh,
PA
15228
Phone: (412) 344-5583
Fax: (412) 429-5092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724)
850-7312
Fax: (724) 850-7315
Click Here to Email
Congressman Tim Murphy
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
