
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
Saturday, February 22, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
13th Congressional District E-Newsletter, 2/22/14
Dear friends,
This week was recognized as National Entrepreneurship Week in the United States. As a part of this, I joined with Rep. Donald M. Payne, Jr. (D-N.J.) to introduce bipartisan legislation known as the Growing Small Businesses Act to encourage federal job training centers to develop entrepreneurial training programs as a strategy for job creation.
Small businesses are the backbone of our economy, creating two out of every three new jobs in America, and this legislation will help to foster even more growth within the small business community by giving training opportunities to those who are unemployed and ready to chart their own course and start a business. Find out more about this legislation
here .
Also, this week was our district work period for the month of February. I had the privilege of meeting with groups like the Decatur NAACP and the St. Louis Regional Chamber of Commerce and speaking at numerous schools and events throughout the district. Visit my
Facebook page
for more information about my week around central and southwest Illinois.
If you havent already, be sure to like my
Facebook page , follow me on
Twitter , and check out my
YouTube channel
to stay informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and in Illinois.
As always, it is truly an honor to serve you. Please
contact my office
if we can be of any assistance to you, or if youd like to share your thoughts on the issues before Congress.
In service,
Rodney Davis
Legislative Update
After two long years, a new Farm Bill has finally been signed into law. This bipartisan, agreed-to law provides 5 years of certainty to rural America, strengthens crop insurance as the key risk management tool for our farmers, and cuts $23 billion in mandatory spending. I was honored to be able to represent Illinois on the Farm Bill conference committee and was proud to
support the final bill .
In response to the propane shortage in the Midwest, I've signed on to two bipartisan letters addressed to President Barack Obama urging him and his administration to take immediate action to help alleviate the shortage. Find out more about the letters
here .
Finally, last week we learned that the Department of Labor has reversed course on a controversial family-farming guidance that would have unilaterally extended OSHA jurisdiction over farms with 10 or fewer employees. Learn more about this issue
here .
School Lunch Program
In the last few weeks we've seen the rise in a national discussion on our nation's school lunch program. I believe that that Administration and the USDA's rules are hampering our school's ability to serve students healthy food they will eat at a low cost. I've heard from many school districts in this area who have said they are struggling with the new regulations and that kids simply won't eat what they are required to serve. Recently,
I joined Neil Cavuto on Fox News
to talk about this issue.
Military Academy Nominations
Earlier this month I had the privilege of nominating 11 accomplished young men and women to our nations service academies. The honor of attending a service academy comes with an obligation and commitment to serve in the military upon graduation, so I applaud these students for their decision to serve and wish them the best of luck.
Click here
to see the list of this year's nominations.
Congressional Art Competition
I recently announced the start of
An Artistic Discovery: The 2014 Congressional Art Competition
for high school students from the 13th Congressional District. The winners artwork will hang in the U.S. Capitol in Washington, D.C. for an entire year.
Click here
to find out more information about the competition.
Tax Assistance
AARP Foundation Tax-Aide offers free, individualized tax preparation for low-to moderate-income taxpayers - especially those 60 and older - at more than 5,000 locations nationwide.
Find a location near you by
clicking here .
Additionally, taxpayers are encouraged to take advantage of free tax preparation services available through the Free File program. Every taxpayer with a 2013 Adjusted Gross Income of $58,000 or less may visit
www.IRS.gov/freefile
to prepare, complete and e-file their federal tax returns at no cost.
Free File is made possible through a partnership between the IRS and the Free File Alliance, a coalition of industry-leading tax software companies. Since its inception in 2003, the program has offered 70 percent of taxpayers free access to leading commercial tax preparation software from Free File Alliance member companies.
Rodney in the news
U.S. Rep. Rodney Davis on the Willis Report with Gerri Willis
Rep wants state dinners to abide by school cafeteria calorie caps
Area students earn service academy nominations
Local Farmers Pleased With Farm Bill
Panel: Infrastructure needs major upgrade
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here