
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
#WhatWomenNeed
February 14, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
#WhatWomenNeed
Today, as people across the country treat their loved ones to flowers and sweets, House Democrats and Americans everywhere are engaged in an online conversation &ndash;
What Women Need for Valentine&rsquo;s Day
&ndash; to highlight the policies women need to succeed in America.
Because, while chocolates are nice,
paid family and medical leave
strengthens families. While candy hearts are sweet, affordable, quality
child care
is even sweeter.
And, although roses are beautiful,
equal pay
changes lives. On this Valentine&rsquo;s Day, let&rsquo;s come together to put policies in place that will unleash the power of women and strengthen our economy.
Check out what Democrats are fighting for in our
video . Make sure to share your thoughts on #WhatWomenNeed for Valentine&rsquo;s Day on our
website .
Your voice is crucial in the fight to help women succeed in this country.
Because
when women succeed, America succeeds .
This
Valentine's Day , America's hardworking women deserve something that lasts--like affordable child care, paid sick and family leave, and equal pay.
#whatwomenneed
A Dereliction of Duty
It has been 232 days since the Senate passed bipartisan
immigration reform legislation .
In the House, Democrats have introduced compromise - comprehensive immigration reform legislation founded on bipartisan principles that has garnered 196 cosponsors, including 3 Republicans, but Republicans refuse to allow a vote.
Republicans should be candid about putting extremism ahead of the good of the country.
I hope that Speaker Boehner will overcome the dereliction of duty that is holding back his party and our nation, and seize this opportunity to work to enact the bipartisan
immigration reform
the American people need and deserve.
STEM: Educate to Innovate
San Francisco is a hub of innovation, where the top creative talents have led the technological boom and helped solidify America&rsquo;s leadership in the global marketplace. In order to keep America at the cutting edge of innovation, we must inspire the next generation of young Americans to pursue careers in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM).
That is why I am excited to announce the first annual &ldquo;House App Contest.&rdquo; This nationwide competition allows high school students from across the country to compete by creating and exhibiting their software application, or app, for mobile, tablet, or computer devices on a platform of their choice.
Students entering the competition must submit their app&rsquo;s source code online during the Competition Submission Period by
APRIL 30th, 2014 , as well as provide a YouTube or VIMEO video demo explaining their app and what they learned through this competition process.
To find out more, please visit the competitions website at
http://studentappchallenge.house.gov/
or
my website
to view rules and additional resources.
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
