DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
You can
view this email in your browser
Capitol Update February 16, 2014
President keeps rewriting health-care law, expanding use of executive power
Everyone except hard-working families seems to be getting a break from the President's disastrous health-care law.
This week, the President once again bypassed Congress and unilaterally changed the health-care law by granting companies with 50 to 99 full-time employees an extra year to comply with the law's mandate requiring these companies to provide health insurance for their workers.
The President has effectively told businesses that his health-care law's employer mandate can wait until after this year's mid-term Congressional elections.
Monday's announcement of the mid-sized employer mandate delay marked the
23rd time since July
that the President and his administration have unilaterally rewritten the health-care law to suit their political agenda.
If not illegal, the changes are fueling suspicion among Obama-loathing conservatives, and confusion among the rest of us. Even the law's most fervent supporters are frustrated ," wrote National Journal reporter Ron Fournier ( Why I'm Getting Sick of Defending Obamacare
2/11/14).
The health-care law is resulting in higher costs, less coverage and fewer full-time jobs for millions of workers.
Less than a week before the President's latest health-care law rewrite, the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office reported that Obamacare will result in about 2.3 million fewer jobs by 2021.
In addition, Obamacare will reduce the total number of hours worked, on net, by about 1.5 percent to 2.0 percent during the period from 2017 to 2024. The largest decline will occur among lower-wage workers."
You can read the
CBO report here .
So it's no wonder the President is trying to minimize the devastating effects in an election year.
But our Constitution doesn't concentrate the power to make laws in the hands of our President. If a President doesn't like a law on the books, he needs to work with Congress to change it.
Regrettably, the constant rewriting of the health-care law is just one example of how the President has expanded his executive power.
Jonathan Turley, a George Washington University Law School constitutional scholar, told the House Judiciary Committee in December that Obama has been expanding the power of the executive branch so much that he's transformed our system of checks and balances and created an "uber-presidency.
"There could be no greater danger for individual liberty, and I really think that the framers would be horrified by that shift because everything they've dedicated themselves to was creating this orbital balance, and we've lost it," Turley said.
Turley added:
"[ Obama's] become the very danger the Constitution was designed to avoid, the concentration of power in any one of the branches. If a president can unilaterally change the meaning of laws in substantial ways, or refuse to enforce them, it takes off-line that very thing that stabilizes our system."
On Jan. 13, I introduced legislation aimed at restoring the co-equal balance of power between Congress and the President.
H.R. 3857 , the proposed Enforce the Take Care Clause Act, would allow Congress to ask the Courts to decide whether a President has failed to faithfully execute all laws passed by Congress.
The Take Care Clause of the Constitution requires a president to "take care that all laws are faithfully executed."
It's pretty clear that President Obama has routinely ignored that Constitutional obligation.
Read more about the legislation in this
Philadelphia Inquirer
op-ed .
Debt ceiling bill ignores spending crisis
On Tuesday, I opposed legislation raising our nation's debt ceiling because it failed to include any true reforms needed to end the wasteful Washington spending crisis, which has resulted in what may be the world's largest credit card balance.
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office projects that the amount of money the federal government will spend just to pay the interest on the national debt, which stands at $17 trillion and growing, will quadruple over the next decade.
What that means is we'll be asking families struggling to make ends meet to send more of their paychecks -- already shrinking because of Obamacare -- to Washington to keep up with the interest payments.
Businesses also will have less money to hire workers, buy new equipment and expand, keeping our economy stagnant. And our children and grandchildren will have less opportunity and less economic security.
Simple math tells us that spending is the real problem in Washington, not a lack of revenue from taxpayers. The Congressional Budget Office reported the amount of money Washington collects in 2014 is on track to exceed the historical average of 17.4 percent of our total economy -- or gross domestic product.
It is extremely frustrating that the President and Democrat Congressional leaders won't work with us to make sensible, targeted spending reductions. Putting off decisions and allowing the debt to keep piling up will simply mean more drastic steps will have to be taken in the very near future. And that's why I could not support hiking the debt limit with no real strategy for addressing our long-term financial challenges.
House restores pension COLA for veterans, advances plan for protecting seniors' access to medical care
On Thursday, I voted in favor of legislation to restore the annual cost of living adjustment for veterans and continue the House's efforts to set a reliable Medicare reimbursement rate for doctors that preserves seniors' access to high-quality care.
The legislation (S. 25) passed the House by a vote of
326-90 . The measure awaits consideration in the U.S. Senate.
While
military leaders have said
pension reform is needed to ensure adequate resources for defending our country, it's clear we must honor our commitments to those currently serving our nation and keeping us safe.
In addition to addressing the needs of retired veterans, the legislation I supported on Thursday sets aside funds that will prevent steep cuts in Medicare reimbursement rates for doctors. Cutting reimbursement rates for doctors could make it harder for seniors to get the treatment they need.
In December, I voted for legislation that postponed a nearly 24 percent cut in Medicare pay for physicians and instead gave them a 0.5% raise through April. I believe there's bipartisan support for a long-term solution that will provide greater certainty for doctors and their Medicare patients. I look forward to providing further updates on this issue as legislation makes its way through the House.
Connect Online
Get These Updates
Forward to a Friend
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Email Me
House stands with the people of Ukraine
As Ukrainian Congressional Caucus Co-Chair, I was pleased to help the House pass a resolution this week in support of the people of Ukraine who are speaking out in favor of greater government transparency and respect for individual rights.
House Resolution 447
reaffirms the valued and close relationship between the U.S. and Ukraine and supports the aspirations of the people of Ukraine to foster democratic traditions, self-government and respect for the rights of all citizens.
During the past three months, hundreds of thousands of Ukrainian citizens have taken to the streets of Kiev and other cities in peaceful protest of a government that has ignored the will of the people and steered the country away from closer ties to democratic allies and supporters.
Watch my
floor remarks
discussing the resolution and the situation in Ukraine or read the
remarks here .
In the News
Here's a roundup of some articles and interviews you might have missed:
The Charleston (WV) Gazette-Mail
article on a resolution I have introduced with Congressman Chaka Fattah (PA-2nd District) to recognize 11 African-American soldiers massacred during the Battle of the Bulge nearly 70 years ago.
Daily Local News
has
my take
on the President's State of the Union speech.
My appearance on WHP-CBS 21 "Face the State" program
to discuss a variety of issues before Congress.
Politico Magazine
interview
about my decision not to seek reelection after serving six terms in the House.
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
202.225.4315 tel
202.225.8440 fax
CHESTER OFFICE
111 East Uwchlan Avenue
Exton, PA 19341
610.594.1415 tel
610.594.1419 fax
BERKS OFFICE
840 N. Park Road
Wyomissing, Pa. 19610
610.376.7630 tel
610.376.7633 fax
MONTGOMERY OFFICE
580 Main St. Suite #4
Trappe, PA l9426
610.409.2780 tel
610.409.7988 fax
LEBANON OFFICE
Lebanon Municipal Building, Room 110
400 South Eighth St.
Lebanon PA 17042
717.454.0462 tel
Hours: Monday and Wednesday from 9 AM - 4:30 PM
Click Here Click Here