
February 20, 2014
Dear Friend,
Whether you&rsquo;re a farmer, a veteran, or a scientist, the past month has brought plenty of good news for rural Arizonans, and I hope you&rsquo;ll enjoy the updates in this month&rsquo;s eNewsletter. I am proud to serve the people of this district and fight for the local economies of every region, from the Grand Canyon and Navajo Nation in the north to the White Mountains in the east and the Copper Corridor and Sonoran Desert in the south.
As always, I invite you to share your thoughts with me
here , and feel free to forward this eNewsletter to other folks in District One.
Sincerely,
Ann Kirkpatrick U.S. Representative, Arizona District One
P.S. If you prefer not to receive updates about Arizona District One,
click here to unsubscribe .
Helping constituents
CASEWORK SUCCESS : In recent weeks, my caseworkers have been able to resolve problems for several constituents, including helping a veteran resolve a long-stalled dependency claim and helping a homeowner avoid imminent foreclosure. I&rsquo;m pleased to report that my caseworkers have surpassed
$1.5 million in savings and benefits
to our constituents since I took office in 2013. If you need assistance with
veterans&rsquo; benefits ,
Medicare
and
Social Security , or another federal issue, please reach out to the nearest district office. Click
here
for hours and locations.
Jobs &amp; our local economies
FARM BILL PASSES:
In January,
I voted
for the
Farm Bill
and was pleased to see it pass the House with strong bipartisan support.
This was a good day for rural Arizona. Our district has a long history of farming and ranching &ndash; my family had a ranch in the White Mountains &ndash; so we know firsthand the importance of a Farm Bill to our local economies. I was especially pleased that this Farm Bill funds the
PILT program , which helps rural counties in my district carry out vital services such as firefighting, law enforcement and construction of public schools and roads. In January, I introduced legislation to permanently authorize the PILT program and help our rural counties have the financial stability they need for budgeting and planning.
Don&rsquo;t miss:
this
White Mountain Independent story
on my bill to permanently authorize PILT.
INFRASTRUCTURE IN GILA COUNTY:
Especially in our small towns, improving infrastructure means improving residents' quality of life. The town of Miami recently had the groundbreaking (pictured above) for a new wastewater collection system, grit separator and pump station, which
will connect to the newly completed wastewater treatment plant. This infrastructure is a critical improvement, and my team in Gila County was glad to participate in the groundbreaking!
Don&rsquo;t miss:
this
Silver Belt story
about the groundbreaking event.
SCIENCE IN COCONINO COUNTY:
The National Science Foundation awarded a $631,000 research grant to Lowell Observatory (pictured above) in
Flagstaff . The grant will support the ongoing study of star clusters and help scientists learn more about the Milky Way&rsquo;s chemical evolution and star formation history. Science and education contribute every day to our local economies -- they are part of the foundation for our future.
Don&rsquo;t miss:
my
announcement
about the grant.
Standing up for veterans
VISITING OUR TROOPS IN AFGHANISTAN:
In late January, I had the honor of visiting our U.S. troops in
Afghanistan
and nearby regions as part of my role as ranking member of the Veterans&rsquo; Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. I traveled there with a bipartisan delegation of senators and congressmembers from the Armed Services and Veterans&rsquo; Affairs committees. The highlight of this trip for me was meeting personally with the troops (pictured above), including several from Arizona. I&rsquo;m so grateful for their service to our country!
Don&rsquo;t miss
this
story in the Maricopa Monitor
about my visit to the troops.
HELPING VETERANS ATTEND COLLEGE:
In early February, the House passed the bipartisan
GI Bill Tuition Fairness Act
(HR357), which I cosponsored because it strengthens the GI Bill for veterans attending public colleges and universities. It increases the timeframe for veterans to use their vocational rehabilitation benefits, and it gives all veterans in-state tuition rates when they attend a school eligible for GI Bill education benefits. Click
here
to read the bill.
RESOURCES FOR VETERANS:
I was honored to participate in the grand opening of the new Veterans Resource Center in Flagstaff (pictured above). This facility will help homeless veterans and provide local veterans with important services and resources. Congratulations to all involved for their hard work to make this center a reality!
MILITARY ACADEMY NOMINEES:
I recently announced District One&rsquo;s nominees for the U.S. military academies. Each year, members of Congress have the privilege of nominating outstanding candidates from their districts to attend our country&rsquo;s service academies. Our nominees come from communities across northern, eastern and southern Arizona:
Flagstaff, Grand Canyon, Shonto, Winslow, Superior, Peridot, Morenci, Oro Valley and Tucson.
Our district and all of Arizona can be proud of these students, who have worked incredibly hard and shown a deep commitment to serving our country.
Don&rsquo;t miss:
This story in the
Eastern Arizona Courier
about District One&rsquo;s academy nominees.
Around the district
HELP FOR DISABLED VETS:
In Marana, our team met
with the Disabled American Veterans Chapter 4. If you're
a veteran in this area, a DAV service officer has hours
9-3 Mon-Fri in this RV at 6865 N. Thornydale Rd, Marana.
TRIBAL ISSUES:
I recently met with leaders from The Yavapai-
Apache Nation, which is in the Verde Valley. We had a good
discussion about infrastructure and resources in the region.
COALITION TO HELP SENIORS:
In Oracle, my team met with
these folks from the TRIAD coalition, which does great work in
helping local seniors who are homebound. Pinal County has 12
TRIADS, with community volunteers and representatives from the
county attorney&rsquo;s office and sheriff&rsquo;s office.
EAC in DC:
Students and officials from Eastern Arizona College
in Thatcher visited with me for a discussion on higher education.
###
District Offices
If you need assistance with a federal matter, please contact our nearest district office:
Flagstaff:
928-213-9977; 405 N. Beaver Street, Suite 6, Flagstaff 86001
Casa Grande:
520-316-0839; 211 N. Florence St., Suite 1, Casa Grande 85122
Marana:
520-382-2663; 11555 W. Civic Center Drive #104A, Marana 85653
Show Low:
928-537-5657; 550 N. 9 th
Place, Show Low 85901
Globe:
928-425-3231; 1400 East Ash, Globe 85501
Stay Connected :
Website:
kirkpatrick.house.gov
Facebook:
facebook.com/RepKirkpatrick
Twitter:
twitter.com/RepKirkpatrick
YouTube:
youtube.com/RepAnnKirkpatrick
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
330 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3361
Flagstaff
405 N Beaver Street, Suite 6
Flagstaff, AZ 86001
(928) 213-9977
Casa Grande
211 North Florence St., Suite 1
Casa Grande, AZ 85122
(520) 316-0839
Globe
1400 East Ash
Globe, AZ 85501
(928) 425-3231
Marana
11555 W. Civic
Center Drive #104A
Marana, AZ 85653
(520) 382-2663
Show Low
550 N 9th Place
Show Low, AZ
85901
(928) 537-5657
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
