
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
About Me
Services
13th District
Media
Center
Legislation
Contact Me
"&gt;
February 21, 2014
Dear Friend:
This frigid winter has been harsh on the
people. Now is not the time to cut assistance programs for those who
are still struggling to find a job or make ends meet. Extending
lifelines for people who need assistance is not only our congressional duty
but also our moral obligation. In Congress, I'm fighting to ensure
that people don't go hungry today, tomorrow or any
day.
Delaying Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
(SNAP) Cuts:
Along with 65 House Democrats and 13 Senate
Democrats, I signed a letter urging the Secretary of Agriculture, Tom
Vilsack, to delay the implementation of the new Farm Bill regulations for
the "Heat and Eat" program this fall after the states receive their
Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) block grants. By
doing this, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) would be deferring
the SNAP cuts for six months. The draconian SNAP cuts are already
hurting America's families, including many children, seniors, and disabled
persons. Many states, such as New York, need time to accommodate the
changes that will greatly impact their SNAP participants. It's
unfortunate that Republicans' obstructionist policies have forced some SNAP
families to choose between heating and
eating.
Congressional Budget Office (CBO) Minimum Wage
Report:
This week the CBO released a new report on the economic effects
of raising the minimum wage to $10.10 per hour.
This report
showed that it would lift almost one million Americans out of poverty,
increase the pay of low-income workers by $31 billion, and help build an
economy that works for everyone. If the Republican leadership gives
us a chance to vote on our bill to raise federal minimum wage, it would
pass with bipartisan support. Ensuring a livable wage for every
worker is a critical component of closing the opportunity gap and building
an economy that works for everyone. Its time to give America a raise,
to put more money in the pockets of millions of consumers, and to
grow our economy.
Preview of
President's Budget for 2015:
The White House released a preview of
President Obamas budget for Fiscal Year 2015.
It focuses on
creating jobs and reducing the long term deficit.
In an effort to
strengthen the middle class, the plan invests in education,
manufacturing and preparation of workers for tomorrow's jobs. This fiscally
responsible budget is clearly designed to expand opportunities for everyone
in America and to keep our nation in good economic standing. I also
applaud the decision to eliminate chained CPI from the budget to protect
seniors and veterans, federal retirees, and disabled individuals.
Democrats and Republicans recently came together to establish clear
guidelines for budgets and to return the budget process to regular
order.
Our number one priority in Congress must be developing policies
that provide everyone the opportunity to succeed.
Please visit my website at
www.Rangel.house.gov
for frequent updates. I value your
feedback, so please leave me your comments. Don't forget to like me on
Facebook
and follow me on
Twitter . It's always a great honor serving you.
Best
regards,
Charles Rangel
Please share with your friends &amp; family.
ENROLL IN THE NYS
HEALTHCARE EXCHANGE:
NYstateofhealth.ny.gov
Mar 31
is the last day to
enroll for 2014 benefits!
Help
Line
855.355.5777
A CONVERSATION ABOUT BLACK HISTORY
Feb 28 @ 6:00 PM
State Office Building - 8th
Floor
Should
families have to choose between heating and eating? Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
SOCIAL SECURITY FAIR
Mar 10 @ 9:30
AM
State Office
Building - 8th Floor
D.C.
Office:
2354 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4365
F: 202-225-0816
New York Office:
163 West 125th St., Suite #737
New York, NY 10027
Phone:
212-663-3900
Fax: 212-663-4277
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
