
Dear Friend,
This morning, the Ways and Means Committee passed a bill to stop the Obama Administration from implementing new regulations targeting 501(c)(4) conservative groups.
The bill, H.R. 3865,
Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act of 2014,
can be read
here .
The IRSs attempt to permanently stifle Americans freedom of speech is unprecedented and outrageous!
Any American, including members of the Allen Area Patriots, seeking to speak-out in support of our hard-fought freedoms, a limited government, and a stronger America should never be subjected to intimidation because of their political beliefs.
In spite of President Obama expressing anger and calling the IRSs acts
inexcusable , his administrations actions sing a different tune.
These new regulations would, once again, target the very same groups and deny Americans the fundamental freedom to participate and engage in the democratic process.
Thats wrong!
Lawmakers
both Republican and Democrat - have a responsibility to stop it!
If interested, you may watch my remarks during Committee markup
here .
Also later this afternoon, the House voted on the so-called Temporary Debt Limit Extension Act.
As a fiscal conservative, I once again voted against increasing the debt limit.
My constituents did not send me to Washington to add to the already out-of-control debt.
Its over $17 trillion, yet President Obama continues to offer the same failed solution: spend and borrow more.
Enough is enough.
Just today the Director of the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office warned that the U.S. could face a
fiscal crisis .
Its time for President Obama and Congressional Democrats to listen to hardworking taxpayers and work to cut spending, balance the budget, and pay down the debt, rather than resort to the same failed agenda.
The American people have had enough of Washingtons fiscal recklessness.
Enough piling more and more debt on to our children.
American families have done their part to live within their means.
Its time for Washington to do the same and show respect to hard-working taxpayers.
Sincerely,
SAM JOHNSON
Member of Congress
Washington D.C. Office
1211 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4201
Texas Office
1255 W 15th Street, Suite 170
Plano, Texas 75075
Phone: (469) 304-0382
Fax: (469) 304-0392
Click Here Click Here