
Official Site
|
Contact
|
Roberts Journal
|
News
Responding to the President&rsquo;s State of the Union Address
Unfortunately, the 2014 State of the Union address seems to have been just recycled ideas from the 2013 State of the Union address, and we simply heard more of the same from the President.
More taxes, more spending, more bypassing the Congress to enact his agenda, and more big government.
What I ask myself is, after five years of these policies what do we have? We have millions of Americans who have given up even looking for a job, businesses regulated to death and families burdened by Obamacare.
Now the President tells us he wants to double down and continue to push this agenda through executive order and regulation.
The only difference that I see now is that he is finally being upfront about it.
You have my assurance that I will continue to fight these orders and regulations and thinly disguised attempts to redistribute your hard earned income.
Click Here to View
Missing in Action&hellip;Benghazi and the State of the Union
The topic that was sorely missing in the State of the Union was any mention of the terrorist attacks in Benghazi that killed four Americans, including our ambassador, sixteen months ago.
I know that many Kansans are deeply concerned with the President&rsquo;s refusal to set the record straight in regards to Benghazi, as I, and many others, have repeatedly requested. Our military and civilians who serve our nation in harm&rsquo;s way have a right to know that mistakes like those made in Benghazi will never be tolerated again.
They have a right to know the sacred promise - that if they ever got into a bad spot or are in harm&rsquo;s way our country and their fellow service members have their backs - still rings true today.
That is the same promise I received when I joined the Marines, and a young Kansan enlisting today needs to know politics back home won&rsquo;t leave them stranded when bullets are flying abroad.
It&rsquo;s clear to me that the President put politics and personal agenda ahead of the security of Americans. I believe the President completely failed on this score during his State of the union.
Prior to the State of the Union address, I spoke with Neil Cavuto of the Fox Business Network about my hope that the President would address the Benghazi attack during his address. Click the video to below to watch our discussion.
Click Here to View
Introducing a Bill to Block Federal Intrusion on State Education Decisions I introduced a bill to preserve state education autonomy by prohibiting the federal government from coercing states to adopt education standards like Common Core. Setting high standards for our schools, our teachers and our children is the right thing to do, but those standards should be decided in Kansas, without bribes or mandates from Washington. We need to get the federal government out of the classroom, and return community decisions back to where they belong - in the community.
Designed by the National Governors Association and the Council of Chief State School Officers in 2007, Common Core was an effort to raise math and reading standards for students across the country. States could adopt Common Core voluntarily.
In defiance of federal law, the Obama Administration began coercing states to implement Common Core. They required states to adopt Common Core standards to receive federal funding under the Obama administration's multibillion-dollar Race to the Top (RTT) program and used federal funds to develop Common Core-aligned tests.
My legislation, the Learning Opportunities Created At the Local (LOCAL) Level Act would strictly forbid the federal government from intervening in a state&rsquo;s education standards, curricula, and assessments through the use of incentives, mandates, grants, waivers or any other form of manipulation.
Unfortunately, it is evident that certain waivers from onerous education requirements have been granted only to those states that agree to implement the White House&rsquo;s preferred education policies. In fact, The New York Times has referred to the waiver process as &ldquo;the most sweeping use of executive authority to rewrite federal education law since Washington expanded its involvement in education in the 1960s.&rdquo; My bill ensures States retain their authority to determine the curriculum and standards that are best for their students.
Click Here to View
Farm Bill Conference Report Wrong Direction for Agriculture, Taxpayer and Consumer
This week as a senior member of the Senate Agriculture Committee and a member of the Farm Bill Conference Committee, I announced my opposition to the Farm Bill Conference Report because it is not market-oriented or forward looking and is too costly for the taxpayer.
I am disappointed to say that the negatives of this Farm Bill outweigh the positives. When you look at the policies of this report, we have a return to government subsidies and farmers planting for the government. While we all want to provide certainty to producers, the conference has missed an opportunity for greater and necessary reforms to our nation&rsquo;s farm programs, federal nutrition programs, and burdensome regulations. I cannot march backwards and deliver more spending, more regulations and more waste.
I have long been an outspoken advocate for restoring integrity to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) in the Nutrition Title of the Farm Bill. SNAP makes up more than 80 percent of the Department of Agriculture&rsquo;s budget and was previously exempted from across the board sequestration cuts. I have even introduced legislation to save the taxpayer $36 billion while working to ensure the neediest still receive SNAP benefits.
What we have today is a ballooning and expensive set of federal nutrition programs with a patchwork of eligibility standards, loopholes, and frankly unneeded giveaways to state governments. I understand and sympathize with the need for nutrition assistance for hardworking families. However, we cannot box off SNAP from necessary and timely reforms.
I do appreciate the inclusion of strong crop insurance provisions, livestock disaster programs, and agriculture research. This bill has been a tipping point between forward thinking policies and backwards protectionist programs. Producers and consumers demand better, our global trading partners and competitors expect more, and US taxpayers deserve better than this conference report. I did not sign the conference report and cannot in good conscious vote for this legislation.
I delivered a floor speech this week outlining my opposition to this package.
Click the video below to watch.
Click Here to View
Back Home for Kansas Day Week
After the Martin Luther King Day holiday, I was able to spend some quality time in Kansas prior to celebrating our great state&rsquo;s 153rd birthday. On my first stop, we had a wonderful visit to Spinal Simplicity in Overland Park this morning. They are doing incredible things with minimally invasive spinal implants. Spinal Simplicity is a shining example of great Kansas company.
Next, I drove over to our capital city, Topeka, for several great stops. First was a chance to be on hand as the Walmart Foundation and its Kansas Giving Program awarded over $600,000 to thirteen Kansas non-profits. These are great organizations that do so much for their communities.
It was a special treat to spend some time with the amazing athletes from the Special Olympics, who were able to be there to help accept their grant funding from the Walmart Foundation. These are amazing kids who never fail to put a smile on your face.
Then it was over to a rally and lunch with the folks from Kansans for Life on National Right to Life day. It was a great day to be at the Kansas State Capitol with my friends Governor Brownback, Congressman Huelskamp, Mary Kay Culp and everyone else from Kansans for Life all standing up for the sanctity of all life.
Then it was over to spend some time with the hardworking educators at the Kansas Workforce Summit. These folks do incredible work to help the Kansas economy.
Spending time in Overland Park, Topeka, and Wichita was a great way to celebrate the Kansas Day week. Kansas has had an amazing 153 years, and it is so great to see Kansans working together in every corner of our state to ensure our success continues into the future. A belated happy Kansas Day to you all!
Check Senator Roberts' Website, YouTube and Facebook Sites for Updates
You can visit my YouTube site for more information on what's happening in Washington, D.C. and Kansas by visiting
www.youtube.com/SenPatRoberts . It's a great place to find speeches and debates on the Senate floor, press conferences, interviews and Senate hearings. You can also stay updated on all these happenings on my
Facebook
and
Twitter sites.
If you wish to contact me about an issue or want more information, please visit my website,
roberts.senate.gov .
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
