
February 16, 2014
Restoring the Benefits Our Military Retirees Earned
I spoke with KRIS 6 News after I voted to eliminate the proposed cuts to military retiree benefits.
In case you missed it, click
here
for my reaction to the good news for our veterans.
This week, Congress acted to keep our promises to those who have served.
The House and Senate came together to pass legislation I strongly supported to eliminate the cuts to military retiree benefits. The next stop is the President's desk, where we can expect it to be signed into law any day now.
The bill ensures retirees get what was promised. It restores COLA increases to all veterans and service men and women who joined the military before January 1, 2014.
When Congress reached a budget agreement for the first time in four years, it was presented as a compromise that no one was really happy with but everybody could live with. It better protected retirees benefits than the alternatives, like the Presidents Simpson-Bowles proposal which would have completely eliminated COLAs for military retirees and slashed veterans benefits across-the-board.
But taking from our veterans
in any capacity
is wrong. It is unacceptable to ask them to sacrifice any more than they already have.
This week, Congress took action and restored COLAs for ALL existing military retirees. Under the bill, no retiree who joined before January 1 will face any cut to his or her benefits.
I'm grateful Congress could reach a solution to remove this potential burden from our military retirees. I've been an ardent supporter of removing the COLA reductions and serve as a current cosponsor of four bills to eliminate cuts to all current and future military retirees.
We made a promise to our veterans - and this week we made sure we keep that promise.
My Bill Becomes Law: The President Signs the OPM IG Act
In the wake of the Navy Yard shooting, the House Oversight Committee held a hearing this week to investigate flaws in the security clearance process and proposed reforms to address them, like my bill the "OPM IG Act" which was signed into law this week. I focused my hearing questioning on the shortcomings of law enforcement when reviewing security clearances, asking the witness panel, "Do you just Google a person?" Click
here
to hear how they responded.
This week, President Obama used a pen for what it was intended: to actually follow the legislative process, rather than circumvent it.
On Tuesday, the President signed into law the
OPM IG Act,
my bill to provide much-needed oversight over the $2 billion Office of Personnel Management (OPM) revolving fund that federal agencies pay into for Human Resources services, including federal background checks.
Congressional investigations have uncovered serious allegations of fraud involving the falsification of federal background checks. This has serious implications for our national security. Weak federal background checks led to the leaking of sensitive information by Edward Snowden and resulted in the tragic events that occurred at the Washington Navy Yard on September 16, 2013.
A
report
released this week by the House Oversight and Government Committee reveals several shortcomings in the federal security clearance process, leading to D.C. Navy Yard shooter Aaron Alexis being able to obtain and keep a security clearance despite a history of violence and signs of mental illness.
The fact that Aaron Alexis, who possessed a criminal record, entered the Navy Yard that fateful day with security access is highly disturbing. It shows the many flaws within the federal background check system that need to be fixed.
We now have a law on the books that will help make this happen . The OPM IG Act will better oversee the background investigation process used to determine an individuals eligibility for a security clearance.
In June, OPM Inspector General (IG) Patrick McFarland testified before the Federal Workforce subcommittee and said OPMs revolving fund programs have been operating in the shadows for far too long, adding that sunshine is the best disinfectant.
My bill answers that call by forcing the OPM's revolving fund out of the shadows and into the sunshine, shedding the light on its activities to root out fraud and abuse.
It delivers what the government desperately needs: transparency.
Just How Much Taxpayer Money is Being Spent on Ads?
During Tuesday's markup in the House Oversight Committee, I urged support of the Taxpayer Transparency Act and explained why its reforms are badly needed. Click
here
to watch.
Tuesday, the House Oversight and Government Committee approved three bills to improve government transparency and accountability, including
H.R. 3308 , the Taxpayer Transparency Act. H.R. 3308 would require federal agencies to notify the public that advertisements and educational materials are produced at taxpayer expense.
One example of lack of transparency when it comes to government spending on advertising? The President and Health and Human Services (HHS) buying ads promoting Obamacare without letting Americans know that their hard-earned tax dollars are paying for these glossy advertisements.
Americans deserve to know when and how their tax dollars are being spent on public advertising. And why I became a cosponsor of the Taxpayer Transparency Act.
H.R. 3308 will require the following:
In all printed communication (including mass mailings, signs, and billboards), it must clearly state that it is printed and published at taxpayer expense.
All communications transmitted through radio, television, or the Internet must visibly or verbally disclose that the communication was produced and disseminated at taxpayer expense.
H.R. 3308 will make the government more accountable for its purchases and it will help American taxpayers realize where their money is being spent.
When the government is lavishly spending and youre footing the bill, you have the right to know this.
Follow Me on Twitter
Typical.
#StoryOfMyLife
now they can't find the flight attendant.
pic.twitter.com/DYmugWbcIk
12 Feb 2014
Today, we voted to eliminate cuts to our military retirees and ensure we keep our promises to those who have served:
1.usa.gov/1bKR5Go
11 Feb 2014
Foggy morning.
@Whataburger
on my way into
@1360KKTX . Hope it burns off before my flight to DC.
10 Feb 2014
Connect
Latest News
Military Pension Cuts Restored
KRIS 6 News
U.S. Congressman Blake Farenthold votes to eliminate cuts to military retirees
Nueces County Record Star
Change to Veterans' Benefits
KRIS 6 News
Coastal Bend congressional delegation split on raising federal credit limit
Caller Times
Congress eyeing legislative fix for security clearances
Federal News Radio
Issa, Cummings Feud Over Investigation Into Navy Yard Security Clearances
Roll Call
OPM inspector general getting more money for revolving fund oversight
Federal Times
U.S. taxes Olympians for medaling; GOP lawmakers trying to change policy
The Washington Post
Congressman Reintroduces Bill to Exempt Olympic Medals from Taxes
AccountingToday.com
Olympic Medal Tax Exemption Has Bipartisan Support
Roll Call
Why the IRS should keep its mitts off the Winter Olympics
The Daily Caller
How much is an Olympic medal worth? Ask Uncle Sam.
The Washington Post
WH: Don't tax Olympians on medals
The Hill
OPM Inspector General Receives Larger Budget to Oversee Revolving Fund; Patrick McFarland Comments
ExecutiveGov
IRS to receive 40% share from U.S. Sochi Olympic medalists
Economic Collapse News
Pay the piper: U.S. medalists face hefty IRS bill for their Olympic glory
AL.com
Olympic Medal Dreams: All That Glitters Is Taxable
AccountingWEB
The Week Ahead
Monday is Presidents Day and a Federal Holiday. The remainder of the week is a Constituent Work Period, so I'll be traveling across Texas to meet with people and hear their concerns about what's going on in Washington. If you have an issue you'd like to discuss, feel free to call my Corpus Christi office at (361) 884-2222 and we'll arrange a chance for you to be heard.
Scenes from the 27th District
This week, my Chief of Staff Bob Haueter and Field Representative Casey Newman attended the groundbreaking of the new docking facility at the Port of Victoria. Once completed in July of this year, the facility will provide 1800 feet of frontage on the Victoria Barge Canal, providing barge fleeting services, shifting and inland boat support.
Bob is pictured here with Mike Sizemore from the Port of Victoria at the groundbreaking ceremony. This exciting project will bring additional jobs and provide a huge economic boost to the area.
My Veterans Field Representative Capt. Rene Coronado and Field Representative Carol Wootton fixed and served food to around 300 children at the Wharton County American Legion/VFW Valentines Day Luncheon for Special Needs Kids.
From My Instagram
Anniversary with My Darlin' Deb.
Good news: My bill to root out fraud in the federal background check system was signed by the President and is now law
Caught this shot at a red light on my way to work this morning.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here