
Thank you for subscribing to my e-newsletter. I'm pleased to provide this e-newsletter as an additional way for me to keep in touch with Central Washington residents. I hope you find it informative and I encourage you to forward it to any co-workers or friends who might be interested in
signing up themselves
to receive periodic updates in the future.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. If I can ever be of any assistance to you, please contact my office at (509) 543-9396 or visit my website at
www.hastings.house.gov . You can also like me on
Facebook
and follow me on
Twitter .
Sincerely,
TOP NEWS
House Approves Bill Addressing Obamacare Website Security
As we start a new year, House Republicans will continue to focus on solutions to get people back to work, spur economic growth, and give Americans a fair shot. In the first two legislative weeks of 2014, the House has passed several bills that address the lack of transparency and growing security vulnerabilities surrounding the Obamacare exchange website, Healthcare.gov. Specifically, the House approved the
Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act
(H.R. 3811), which requires the Department of Health and Human Services to notify individuals within two business days of any breach on the health exchange websites (both state and federal) that endangers personal data and information. The Obama Administration knowingly launched the federal website with important pieces of the exchange yet to be built and adequate security testing yet to be completed. At a time when thousands of shoppers at area supermarkets and Target stores across the country found their private financial data compromised during the holiday season, Americans have the right to know if their sensitive personal information is jeopardized because of this law.
Hastings Votes for Smarter Cuts in 2014 Funding Bill
On Wednesday, January 15th, the House of Representatives passed,
with Congressman Hastings' support , a government funding bill for Fiscal Year 2014 that was $21.4 billion below last years spending levels. For the first time since the Korean War, Republicans have cut federal spending four years in a row. Since Republicans took control of the House in 2010, a total of $165 billion in cuts have been made to discretionary spending. Specifically, the bill includes $1.1 billion in cuts to the implementation of Obamacare and cuts the Environmental Protection Agencys budget by 20 percent, while increasing pay for our servicemen and women and ensuring the continuation of critical services the American people depend on. The bill also prohibits the National Security Agency (NSA) from monitoring and storing electronic communications of U.S. citizens, and prevents the Internal Revenue Service from targeting American groups.
Obama Administration Making Sequestration as Painful as Possible for Rural Schools and Counties
On Tuesday, January 14th, the House Natural Resources Committee held an
oversight hearing
on the Obama Administrations decision to retroactively apply 2013 across-the-board spending cuts, known as sequestration, to 2012 Secure Rural School (SRS) funds. The Obama Administrations witness testified that states that have not repaid the funds may have them taken out of this years payments. A
new Committee staff report
released earlier Tuesday morning found that the Obama Administration went out of its to make sequestration as painful as possible by demanding that rural communities repay part of their SRS funds. At the hearing, the USDA Undersecretary Robert Bonnie
confirmed
the findings of the Committee report that the White House ordered the sequestration of the SRS funds
even though it had already been paid out
and USDA chose to apply the sequester in a way that ensured all SRS states felt the pain. Counties depend on these funds to keep teachers in classrooms and police on the streets and they need certainty that SRS payments are not only coming, but that they wont retroactively be taken away.
Group Led by Hastings Seeks Public Input on the ESA
The Endangered Species Act (ESA) Congressional Working Group, led by Hastings and Rep. Cynthia Lummis (WY-at large), invites
public comments
from people across the country who have been impacted by the ESA. The Working Group is examining ways to strengthen and improve the ESA to better serve the needs of both species and people.
From concerns surrounding a sub-species of plant known as the Bladderpod, to salmon, to wolves, my own Central Washington constituents continue to be impacted by the ESA in a number of significant ways,
said Hastings.
We invite others, from around the country, to
submit their own stories
on how they have also been directly impacted by this law. It's clear that there is agreement on the need to update the ESA.
The public is encouraged to submit their thoughts, ideas, and recommendations to the Endangered Species Act Working Group
here .
Have ideas for improving the Endangered Species Act?
Share them with us.
WEEKLY MESSAGE
January 17, 2014
Government Regulations Stifle Job Growth
January 10, 2014
White House Politics before Americans' Personal Security
January 3, 2014
Congressional Mailbag
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
Emails show confusion over timber payments, sequestration
The Bend Bulletin
Judge: 'Hot Goods' settlements should be vacated
Capital Press
Report: Obama administration used sequester to squeeze rural schools
The Daily Caller
Youth participation low in early Obamacare enrollment
Reuters
Our Voice: Bladderpod decision partial victory at best
Tri-City Herald
Q: Where are the Jobs? A: Sitting on Harry Reid's Desk
Natural Resources Committee
CONNECT WITH DOC
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
RSS
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1203 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-5816 | Fax: (202) 225-3251
TRI-CITIES OFFICE
2715 St. Andrews Loop, Suite D
Pasco, WA 99301
(509) 543-9396 | Fax: (509) 545-1972
YAKIMA OFFICE
402 E. Yakima Avenue, Suite 760
Yakima, WA 98901
(509) 452-3243 | Fax: (509) 452-3438
Click Here Click Here