
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Febuary 20, 2014
Rocky Flats Workers See Obstacle to Assistance Removed
From 1952 to 1992, the Rocky Flats Plant was a living, breathing creature of the Cold War where the United States produced the plutonium triggers used in nuclear weapons. Over the course of 40 years, the plant employed thousands of workers who braved dangerous conditions on behalf of their nation. Though the plant closed 22 years ago, the workers of the plant continue fighting illnesses brought on by working on the highly contaminated site.
Rocky Flats workers managing a nuclear storage facility in Building 707 (1988)
Since I entered Congress, I've worked on legislative and administrative fixes to the Energy Employees Occupational Illness and Compensation Act to remove barriers for Rocky Flats Workers so they can access
healthcare and benefits they earned. Last month, Rocky Flats workers employed up through 1983 were finally granted Special Exposure Cohort status enabling easier access to federal assistance. This is welcome news for all the workers who risked
their lives to protect our nation and helped end the Cold War. For years, Rocky Flats workers fought for the healthcare and compensation they earned during their service working in dangerous conditions on behalf of our nation. I'm glad we've been able to work with the Obama Administration to make sure these workers receive the health care and benefits they earned for their unselfish sacrifice to our country.
If you or someone you know worked at Rocky Flats, please feel free to contact my office at (303) 274-7944 for more information on these important changes.
Attention Students and Parents: FAFSA Forms due soon
Looking for a new career in Colorado? Here are some tips on where to look:
&bull;
Attend the new U.S. Patent Office recruitment event on March 8 and 9, 2014.
&bull;	Check out
this list
of the top private sector job advertisers in Colorado.
&bull;
USA Jobs
is the Government&rsquo;s one-stop source for listing federal jobs.
&bull;	Visit
my website&rsquo;s jobs resource page
for more information on opportunities in the 7th Congressional District.
The deadline for submitting FAFSA financial aid forms for many colleges and universities in Colorado is the end of February. Check with your school&rsquo;s website for the most up-to-date information on financial aid deadlines.
What is FAFSA?
At the beginning of every year, the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
is released. This free form, created by the Department of Education, is the only form required to apply for federal financial aid.
The
CSS/Financial Aid Profile , put out by the College Board, is an additional form that carries with it a $25 charge for the first year, and $16 for each subsequent year. Many colleges use the CSS profile in making their own aid packages; however the FAFSA is a free form and is the only form required for federal aid and Pell grant eligibility.
Each year, the Office of Federal Student Aid offers an estimated $150 billion in grants, loans, and work study funds for college students. It is critical to fill out the FAFSA form in order to receive the maximum amount of help in paying for a college education. Use the resources below to help you fill out the free FAFSA form:
Click here to see if you are eligible for federal financial aid .
There are tools readily available on the Federal Student Aid website to help you arrive at an estimate of how much aid a student will receive. Use the
FAFSA4caster
to help you determine how much aid you are likely to receive. It is helpful to have bank statements and federal tax information at the ready during this process.
To search for your school's Federal School Code,
utilize the website
set up by the National Center for College Statistics and the US Department of Education.
Finally,
click here to download a copy of the FAFSA form
for the 2014-2015 school year.
As your member of Congress, I want to make sure you are aware of the resources available to help pay for college. If you have any questions or concerns about filling out the free FAFSA application, do not hesitate to contact my staff at (303)-274-7944.
Helping Rose from Lakewood
This month, Rose stopped by to say thank you for my office&rsquo;s help with an IRS issue. Rose is a small business owner in Lakewood and struggled for years with getting a straight answer from the IRS. I&rsquo;m glad my office was able to step in and bring some clarity to her business finances.
&ldquo;After years of struggling and getting no answers, I contacted Congressman Perlmutter. Ed helped me get in touch with the right people so my business and I can move forward. Thank you, Ed!&rdquo; - Rose
My office is here to help the hard working people of the 7th Congressional District cut through some of the red tape when dealing with a government agency. I&rsquo;m proud my office was able to help Rose. If you are having an issue with a federal agency, please call my office at 303-274-7944. My staff and I will always do our best to help.
You&rsquo;re invited!
Thank you to everyone who participated in my telephone town hall on Tuesday. We had nearly 9,000 residents of the 7th Congressional District listen and contribute in a very productive town hall! If you would like to participate in the next telephone town hall,
click here to sign up .
I would also like to invite you to my next Government in the Grocery. Government in the Grocery is a program where I go to grocery stores throughout the district to talk one-on-one with constituents. I look forward to meeting with you to talk about whatever is on your mind. Government in the Grocery is about being available to listen to you in a less formal setting. Please note that due to time constraints, constituents will be given priority and individuals and groups may be limited to approximately 5 minute intervals.
What:
Government in the Grocery
When:
Tuesday, March 18 from 5PM to 7PM
Where:
Safeway - 3900 Wadsworth Blvd - Wheat Ridge, Co 8003 |
MAP
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
