
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
February 07, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Newsroom
|
Our District
|
Constituent Services
|
Visit DC
|
Contact
Tim
In This Week's Edition of E-News
...
House Passes Legionnaires' Reporting Bill
Energy
Committee Investigating Missing Healthcare.gov Appeals
Site
Restoring Local Control
in
Public Education
Murphy Encourages
Students to Register for the
Congressional Award
House Passes Legionnaires' Reporting
Bill
Please click here to watch
full speech.
After a yearlong investigation into the
ongoing safety problems at VA hospitals, the House of Representatives
approved legislation sponsored by Rep. Tim Murphy to protect veterans
health.
On Monday, the
House passed the GI Tuition Fairness Act, which included the Infectious
Disease Reporting Act (H.R. 1792), requiring the VA to follow the same
infectious disease reporting requirements that any private hospital in
a state must abide by. A VA facility would face fines and civil
lawsuits for failure to comply. Murphy was a lead cosponsor of the
Infectious Disease Reporting Act.
During floor debate about the bill, Murphy made specific mention of the
veteran victims and detailed the findings of the Legionnaires outbreak
investigation.
We can never
really heal the emotional scars that these families have suffered, or
those of the 21 additional families with a member who had a case of
Legionnaires, but we can work to make sure something like this doesnt
happen again, said Murphy.
Rep. Murphy and other Pittsburgh-area lawmakers led a Veterans Affairs
Committee review of the Legionnaires Disease outbreak of at the
Pittsburgh VA hospital that claimed the lives of six veterans and infected
21 others in 2011 and 2012. Their investigation revealed that the VA
lacked proper documentation and maintenance of the water system;
management failed to properly inform and notify workers and patients; and
legionella testing protocols were not
followed.
Based upon the findings of a congressional
investigation into the outbreak of Legionnaires Disease at the Pittsburgh VA
Healthcare System, Murphy worked with the Veterans Committee to draft
the Infectious Disease Reporting Act.
This legislation fixes one of the most serious flaws in the
VA hospitals uncovered during our investigation. Under this bill, VA
hospitals will soon follow the same reporting requirements for
infectious diseases as other medical facilities. This way, public health
authorities will know when a disease outbreak occurs, and can take immediate
action.
To share your
thoughts on the Murphy veterans legislation, please
click here .
Energy Committee Investigating Missing
Healthcare.gov Appeals Site
Energy and Commerce Committee leaders
asked
Health
and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to explain why 27,000
Affordable Care Act beneficiaries cannot appeal errors in their
applications or enrollment status.
The letter states that the presidents health care law requires that
exchange applicants be notified by an exchange in the case of an
inconsistency or inability to verify information contained in their
application. Despite this legal requirement, the
Washington Post
reported on Monday that tens of thousands
of people who discovered that HealthCare.gov made mistakes as they
were signing up for a health plan are confronting a new roadblock: the
government cannot yet fix the errors.
In November 2013, Chairman Murphys subcommittee
uncovered
that the exchanges opened for enrollment before
the back end systems were fully built, including the payment feature
necessary to transfer payments to insurers and the appeals process
necessary to correct errors in applications. The letter to Secretary
Sebelius continued, As a result, individuals who wish to make an appeal over
their coverage to the administration can only do so via
mail.
Chairman Murphy will lead the
investigation into the enrollment appeals process. If you have been unable
to appeal a wrongful decision on your HealthCare.gov application,
please email
yourHCstory.HC@mail.house.gov .
To share your thoughts on
Healthcare.gov and the Affordable Care Act, please
click
here .
Restoring Local Control
in Public
Education
Ms. Pleta serves as the Washington School
District treasurer and is a member of the National School Boards
Association
A one-size-fits-all education mandate (like the 2001 No Child
Left Behind law) limits the ability of state and school districts to
effectively gauge, and ultimately improve, student learning. Last July,
the House of Representatives took an important step toward restoring
local control with passage of the Student Success Act. This week, Rep.
Murphy met in the nations capitol with Marsha Pleta of the
Washington, PA city school district to discuss how the Student Success Act
would help her local district object to any administrative requirement,
including actions that place additional burdens or cost from the
federal government.
Ms. Pleta
serves as the Washington School District treasurer and is a member of the
National School Boards Association. While here for the organizations
conference, Ms. Pleta was introduced by
50 percent of the time mental illness
develops by the age of 14
Congressman Murphy to House Education
and Workforce Committee Chairman John Kline (R-MN) for a discussion on
strengthening public education and mental health in
schools.
Murphys new groundbreaking
legislation, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, would spur a
national conversation on eliminating stigma and encouraging children and
young adults with mental health issues to seek treatment. On Wednesday,
Rep. Murphy spoke before the House of Representatives on his
legislation and the co-occurrence of mental illness and drug addiction. To
watch, please
click
here .
To share your thoughts on education, please
click here .
Murphy Encourages
Students to Register for the Congressional
Award
Congressman Murphy encourages all students
and young people ages 13 to 24 in Southwestern Pennsylvania to
participate in the Congressional Award program for personal development and
achievement.
Created by
Congress in 1979, the Congressional Award gives students of all academic
levels, skill sets, and economic means the ability to challenge themselves
and help improve their communities.
The Congressional Award consists of four program areas, in
which each student sets and completes their own goals, measured by hours
of participation and skill advancement. The first area of
participation is Volunteer Service, such as volunteering at the local food bank or
with Habitat for Humanity. The second is Personal Development, such
as learning a new instrument or improving movie-editing skills. The
third is Physical Fitness, such as learning to do yoga or improving
current athletic abilities. And the fourth is Expedition/Exploration, which
includes planning and executing an expedition to explore a new
environment, such as a canoe trip or an immersion in a different
culture.
The Congressional Award is
granted at varying difficulty levels that require between 15 hours and 400
hours of participation in each of the four categories.
Gold
medal winners are honored each year at a ceremony in the U.S. Capitol in
Washington, D.C.
Over the
past years, Congressman Murphy has honored recipients from Southwestern
Pennsylvania a number of Congressional Award gold medalists and
certificates.
By committing to
personal growth and working to make our community a better place to live,
Congressman Murphy said, these students will inspire others who also
want to serve their country and
community.
If you or a young person you know is interested in
learning more about the Congressional Award and participation
requirements, please visit
www.congressionalaward.org
or
call Congressman Murphys Mt. Lebanon office at (412) 344-5583 for more
information.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington Office
2332 Rayburn House Office
Bldg.
Washington, DC
20515
Phone:
(202) 225-2301
Fax: (202) 225-1844
Pittsburgh Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA
15228
Phone: (412) 344-5583
Fax: (412)
429-5092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 850-7312
Fax: (724) 850-7315
Click Here to Email Congressman Tim
Murphy
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
