DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Report Confirms that Obamacare Costs Jobs and Adds to Deficits
This week, the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office released a
report
showing that the Affordable Care Act could cost the nation 2.5 million jobs and increases the federal deficit by $1 trillion over the next ten years. Additionally, the report states that the law will both reduce incentives to work and reduce the number of employers offering health insurance. Since the passage of Obamacare, I have warned that the law will cost our nation jobs and add to our national debt. Four years ago, when Congress was considering the Affordable Care Act, budget gimmicks and overly optimistic predictions clouded the debate. This report shatters those illusions.
New Bill to Provide Certainty for Doctors Working in Medicare
Yesterday, leaders of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, the House Ways and Means Committee and the Senate Finance Committee announced new legislation to replace Medicares Sustainable Growth Rate. For nearly a decade, Congress has passed temporary patches delaying implementation of these cuts to doctors working under Medicare. The Health Subcommittee began this process three years ago when I became Chairman. It took a long time, but patience has paid off in the form of bipartisan and bicameral agreement.
This proves that the two parties and the two chambers can work together when policy is put before politics.
House Passes Bill to Safeguard Right to Hunt and Fish on Federal Land
This week, the House passed the Sportsmens Heritage and Recreational Enhancement Act. The bill clearly reaffirms that fishing, hunting, and shooting are activities that should continue to be allowed on public land. There are a number of advocacy groups that are pushing the government to make it harder for people to do these things on federal land managed by the Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management. The bill also protects the use of traditional ammunition and fish tackle on federal lands. With this administration often ignoring old limits on regulatory power, we want to again make it clear that the EPA doesnt have the authority to ban the type of bullets and fishing gear that everyday Americans use. This bill passed with strong bipartisan support. Every Republican and 41 Democrats joined together to send it to the Senate.
Lack of Obamacare Appeals Process Leaves Tens of Thousands in Limbo
This week, the Washington Post reported that more than 22,000 people enrolled in Obamacare exchanges have filed appeals to correct their information. Unfortunately for these individuals, there is no automated appeals process. The Health and Human Services Department scrambled to start a manual appeals process after the embarrassing revelation. The administration failed to implement its own law, forced Americans across the country to lose their health coverage, then sent them to a broken and incomplete website where they were forced to purchase a product that has proven to be too expensive for many. It has never been more clear that a delay of the individual mandate is just a matter of basic fairness.
Op-ed of the Week: Obamacare Adds to Income Inequality
There is little doubt that the gap between the income of the poor and the rich has grown over the past few years. According to the Congressional Budget Office, the top one percent of earners saw their pre-tax income rise from 9 percent of all earnings to 15 percent between 1979 and 2010. Meanwhile, the poorest 20 percent of Americans saw their share of overall income fall from 6.2 percent to 5.1 over the same period of time. READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
With Obamacare, the Definition of Success Keeps Changing
Rep. Pitts talks about how the administration keeps changing the definition of success when it comes to Obamacare exchange enrollment.
Obamacare Needs to be More Transparent
Rep. Pitts opens up debate on legislation to make Obamacare website data more transparent.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here