
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
February 06, 2014
The Farm Bill
vs. America
Earlier this week the Senate voted on a farm
bill.
I voted against this bill, and
I delivered
the following speech
on the Senate Floor to explain why.
I
wanted to share this with you since it is important for Utahns,
especially those from rural parts of the state, to understand the problems
inherent in this bill:
This Farm Bill is a monument to
every dysfunction Washington indulges to bend our politics and twist our
economy to benefit itself at the expense of the American
people.
The topline talking point among defenders of this bill is the
word compromise. The Farm Bill, we are told, may be imperfect,
but its a compromise we can all live with.
They said,
Negotiators from both houses and both parties came together and
hammered out a deal.
They said, This is how you get things
done in Washington.
There is some truth in this. But its
more of a half truth. There absolutely is compromise in this
thousand-page, trillion-dollar mess. But its not a compromise between House
Republicans and Senate Democrats.
No, its collusion between
both parties against the American people, it benefits the special
interests at the expense of the national interest.
This bill
does not demonstrate how to do things in Washington, but how to do
things for Washington.
The final product before us is not just a
legislative vehicle
its a legislative getaway car.
And what
did they get away with?
Well, the Farm Bill is really two
bills: one that spends about $200 billion to subsidize the agriculture
industry, and another that spends $750 billion on the public
assistance program previously known as Food Stamps.
The Farm Bill
is thus a Beltway marriage of convenience between welfare and
corporate welfare
ensuring the passage of both while preventing the reform
of either.
Instead, Congress broke out the neck-bolts and
sutures and put Frankensteins monster back
together.
This was the year the Farm Bill was supposed to be different. This was
supposed to be the year when we would finally split the bill into its
logical, component pieces and subjected both of them to overdue scrutiny
and reform.
This was the year we might have strengthened
the Food Stamps program with work and other requirements for
able-bodied adults, to help transition beneficiaries into full-time
jobs.
This was the year we might have added an asset test, to make
sure wealthy Americans with large personal bank accounts were no
longer eligible for Food Stamps.
But those reforms arent
here. Under this legislation, the Food Stamps program is not really
reformed
just expanded. Once again, the give-and-take of compromise in
Congress boils down to: the American people give, and Washington
takes.
Yet if anything, Mr./Madam President, the other side of
the bill is even worse.
Not only did the Conference
Committee fail to reform programs subsidizing agriculture businesses, the
Conference Committee removed many of the few improvements the House and
Senate tried to include in the first place.
For instance,
the Senate bill, for all its faults, included a novel provision to
limit farm subsidies to actual farmers.
The Senate bill was
also going to phase out crop insurance subsidies for wealthy
individuals with an annual income of more than $750,000. Farmers who make
three-quarters-of-a-million dollars a year, after all, should not need
taxpayer assistance to keep their farms afloat.
The House
bill included a transparency reform requiring members of Congress to
disclose any subsidies they receive under the crop-insurance
programs.
Yet all of the above reforms mysteriously disappeared from
the final legislation.
And its not like the Farm Bill was
a paragon of accountability and fairness to begin with. Agriculture
policy follows a troubling trend in Washington: using raw political
power to twist public policy against the American people, to profit
political and corporate insiders.
For instance, under this
legislation, the federal government will continue to force taxpayers to
subsidize sugar companies, both in the law and at the grocery
store.
This bill maintains the so-called Dairy Cliff, keeping
dairy policy temporary.
This will create an artificial crisis the
next time we take up a Farm Bill, which will once again undermine
thoughtful debate and reform.
Perhaps of all the shiny
ornaments hung on this special interest Christmas Tree, the shiniest may be
the actual cronyist hand-out to the Christmas tree industry
itself.
Under this Farm Bill, small, independent Christmas tree
farmers will now be required to pay a special tax to a government-created
organization controlled by larger, corporate producers, like some
medieval tribute to feudal lords.
These costs will of course
be passed on to working families, and so every December, Washington
will in effect rob the Cratchits to pay Mr. Scrooge and his lobbyists
in Washington.
And yet, Mr./Madam President, even all this
is squeaky-clean, legislating compared to this Farm Bills most
offensive feature, its bullying, disenfranchising shake-down of the
American West.
Most Americans who live east of the Mississippi
have no idea that most of the land west of the Great River is owned by
the federal government. I dont mean national parks and protected
wilderness and the rest. Weve got a lot of those, and we love them. But
thats a fraction of a fraction of the land Im talking
about.
Im just talking about garden variety land, the kind that is
privately owned in every neighborhood and community in the
country.
More than 50% of all the land west of the Mississippi River is
controlled by a federal bureaucracy and cannot be developed. No
homes. No businesses. No communities or community centers. No farms or
farmers markets. No hospitals or colleges or schools. No little league
fields or playgrounds. Nothing.
In my own state, its 63% of
the land. In Daggett County, its 81%. In Wayne, its 85%. In
Garfield, its 90%. Ninety percent of their land isnt
theirs.
In communities like these, financing local government is a challenge.
There, like in the east, local government is funded primarily by
property taxes.
But in counties and towns where the federal
government owns 70, 80, even 90% of all the land, there simply isnt
enough private property to tax to fund basic local
services:
another sheriffs deputy to police their
streets;
another truck or ambulance to save their lives
and property from fires;
another teacher to
educate their children.
To compensate local
governments for the tax revenue Washington unfairly denies them,
Congress created
as only Congress could - the PILT program, which stands
for Payment In Lieu of Taxes. Under PILT, Congress sends a few cents on
the dollar out west every year to make up for lost property taxes.
There is no guaranteed amount. Washington just sends what it feels
like.
Imagine if a citizen operated this way with with the
IRS.
Local governments across the western United States, and
especially in counties like Garfield, Daggett, and Wayne, Utah,
completely depend on Congress making good on this
promise.
Given this situation, there are three possible courses of congressional
action.
First, Congress could do the right thing and
transfer the land to the states that want it.
Second, Congress
could compromise and fully compensate western communities for the
growth and opportunity current law denies them.
But in this
bill, its neither. Congress chooses option three: lording its power
over western communities to extort political concessions from them, like
some two-bit protection racket.
Thats a nice fire
department you got there, Congress says to western communities. Nice
school your kids have. Be a shame if anything should happen to
it.
These states and communities are looking for nothing more than
certainty and equality under the law. Yet Congress treats these not
as rights to be protected, but vulnerabilities to be
exploited.
I have been on the phone with county commissioners for weeks,
who feel they have no choice but to support a policy they know doesnt
work. This bill takes away their ability to plan and budget with
certainty, and forces them to come back to Congress, hat in hand, every
year. County Commissioners know this is no way to run a community. I share
their frustration, and I applaud their commitment to their neighbors
and communities.
Im convinced that in the long run, the
best way to protect these communities is to find a real, permanent
solution that gives them the certainty and equality they
deserve.
My vote against the Farm Bill will be a vote to rescue Utahns
from second-class citizenship, and local communities in my state from
permanent dependence on the whims of faraway
politicians.
Mr./Madam President, for all the talk we hear in this chamber about
inequality, we nonetheless seem oblivious to its causes. This bill
and
thousands of other bills, laws, and regulations like it
are the root
cause of our shortage of opportunity in America
today.
The end result of this legislation will be to disenfranchise and extort
the American people to benefit special interests, to enrich the
well-connected at the expense of the disconnected.
And the
true cost of that transaction
just another forced deposit and
withdrawal from Washingtons dysfunctional favor bank
is a lot more than $956
billion.
The true cost of this kind of unequal, cronyist
policymaking is the trust of the American people: in the legitimacy
of our political institutions, in the fairness of our economy, and in
the good faith of their countrymen.
Our constitutional
republic, our free enterprise economy, and our voluntary civil society
depend absolutely on the equality of all Americans under the law, the
equality of all citizens opportunity to pursue happiness in their own
communities, according to their own values, each on a level playing
field with everyone else.
This legislation subverts that
principle, and mocks any patriot who still holds it
dear.
All Americans may be equal, but as George Orwell might put it, under the
Farm Bill some Americans are more equal than others.
I
will not be a part of it. And I encourage my colleagues to recognize
that there is another way, a better way, a new approach that remembers
what
and who
were supposed to really stand for.
What
we are supposed to stand for is deliberation
open debate and
transparent amendment, on this floor.
These programs should not
be coupled to shield them from scrutiny and reform.
If we
need Food Stamps to fight poverty and farm subsidies to maintain our
food supply, let those programs stand on their own merits or not at
all.
Furthermore, the land out west is not going anywhere.
This should be an opportunity to bring our people together, not turn
our regions against each other, and turn the right to local government
into a political football.
Its time to have a serious
debate about a permanent solution to federally owned lands that can
improve economic opportunity and mobility while reducing the deficit. And
all the evidence in this Farm Bill to the contrary, I believe we are
capable of finding that solution.
Washington, D.C.
Office
316 Hart Senate Office
Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building
125 South State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT
84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St. George
Office of
Senator Michael S. Lee
285 West
Tabernacle, Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
