
February 14, 2014
IN THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
Leading a bipartisan effort to grow the economy and create good-paying
jobs
Promoting our "Encore Entrepreneurs"
Repealing an unfair reduction in some military retiree pensions
Supporting Maine's paper industry workers
Cheering on Russell Currier, 2014 Winter Olympics Competitor from Maine
Meeting with Mainers
Leading a bipartisan effort to grow the economy and create good-paying
jobs
In her ongoing effort to grow the economy and make it easier for
employers to hire additional workers, Senator Collins took to the
Senate floor, along with her colleague Bob Casey of Pennsylvania, to
urge Senate leaders to advance bipartisan legislation that would enable
small businesses to expand and create jobs. The two Senators have
introduced a bill, the Small Business Tax Certainty and Growth Act,
which would help small businesses plan for investments, lower the
expenses associated with starting a new business, and reduce
administrative burdens placed on small businesses.
(Click the play button above or click here
to watch excerpts from the floor speech)
"As American families continue to struggle to get the jobs they need at
wages they deserve, it is more important than ever for members on both
sides of the aisle to come together on legislation to promote economic
growth and job creation," said Senator Collins. "Putting people to work
is my number one priority, and I am pleased to be working with Senator
Casey on this bipartisan plan that will help employers around the
country grow, succeed, and create good-paying jobs."
Senator Collins cited the success of Allagash Brewing Company, which is
based in Portland, as an example of how this bill can enable a small
business to expand and hire new workers. Starting as a one-man
operation in 1995, Allagash has grown to approximately 65 employees.
The company's expansion was fueled in part by bonus depreciation and
Section 179 expensing, two provisions that would be extended or made
permanent by Senators Collins and Casey's bill.
(Senator Collins with Allagash founder Rob Tod and employees in 2012)
To read in detail about all the provisions in this legislation, click
here
.
The Small Business Tax Certainty and Growth Act is part of Senator
Collins' Seven-Point Jobs Plan. Read more about the plan by clicking
here
Weekly Column
"Encore Entrepreneurs: Seniors Starting Businesses and Creating Jobs"
By Senator Susan Collins
Small businesses are truly the backbone of our nation's economy,
creating jobs and opportunity. It might surprise you to learn that
individuals between the ages of 55 and 64 actually make up the largest
percentage of new business owners in the U.S. This has been true for
decades, even during the height of the "Dot Com" boom of the 1990s.
Most older Americans don't want to spend their retirement just on
leisure. They want to stay active, and in some cases pursue
opportunities that they may not have had the time or ability to pursue
in earlier years. Some seniors have a desire to give back to their
communities by creating small non-profit organizations. Others simply
need to earn extra money to help make ends meet. Whatever the case may
be, older Americans have many qualities that make them excellent
entrepreneurs. They have life experience and real-world education, as
well as networks they have established and maintained throughout their
work careers.
Maine has many great examples of seniors who have taken their talent
and skills, know-how and wisdom, and turned these attributes into
successful small businesses. Through their success, they help create a
better life for themselves and to create jobs for others.
Bruce Bohrmann, from Yarmouth, spent his career in the catalog business
and as an advertising manager for a Maine bank. As a hobby during his
work years, he also created high-quality, custom-made knives in his own
small machine shop. After he retired, with the help of SCORE, an
organization that provides counsel to small businesses, he was able to
turn his hobby into a full-time job, and now sells his knives to
customers around the world.
Keep reading...
Promoting our "Encore Entrepreneurs"
Did you know that individuals between the ages of 55 and 64 make up the
largest percentage of new business owners in the U.S? In fact, this has
been true for decades.
As Ranking Member of the Senate Special Committee on Aging, Senator
Collins held a joint hearing with the Small Business and
Entrepreneurship Committee titled "In Search of a Second Act: The
Challenges and Advantages of Senior Entrepreneurship." Committee
members and witnesses discussed the challenges and opportunities for
older Americans to start their own businesses.
Testifying at the invitation of Senator Collins was Elizabeth Isele of
Maine, who spearheaded two organizations that provide support and
resources to senior entrepreneurs. Ms. Isele is the Co-Founder of
"Senior Entrepreneurship Works," a non-profit created to help seniors
who have or wish to start a business. She is also founder of
SavvySeniorsWork.com, a blog dedicated to senior entrepreneurs.
(Senator Collins greets Elizabeth before the hearing)
>From the Bangor Daily News
:
"Most seniors don't want to spend their retirement just on
leisure, and many need to earn extra money to help make ends meet,"
Collins said in a statement. "Despite this, seniors may not know that
running their own business is a realistic option."
Some may think of entrepreneurship as a young person's game,
picturing Red Bull-fueled software engineers and designers working late
into the night and sleeping under their desks as they build their
startup. But that's not the case.
In fact, over the past decade individuals between the ages of
55 and 64 have the highest rate of entrepreneurial activity, according
to a 2009 report by the Kauffman Foundation.
"Senior entrepreneurs are launching new businesses, stimulating
job creation and growth, and boosting prosperity for all age groups,"
Isele wrote in her most recent blog post on SavvySeniorsWork.com. "It's
time to stop the 'senior' gloom and doom. This is not, as too many
espouse, a 'silver tsunami.' It is, rather, a 'golden dividend!'"
Read more about encore entrepreneurship in the left-hand column.
Repealing an unfair reduction in some military retiree pensions
Senator Collins issued this statement:
"This week, the Senate voted with my strong support to repeal a
provision in the Bipartisan Budget Act that would have lowered the
cost-of-living adjustment (COLA) for some military retirees. The
measure is now headed to the President's desk for his signature.
"I opposed including this harmful provision in the Bipartisan
Budget Act in the first place, and I immediately engaged in efforts to
secure its repeal after the Senate Majority Leader refused to allow
amendments to the budget deal. I am pleased that the Congress has
finally voted to repeal this unfair provision.
"I am always mindful of the sacrifices that our service
members, veterans, and their families have made for our great nation.
Please be assured of my continuing support for keeping faith with those
who have defended us."
Supporting Maine's paper industry workers
>From the Portland Press Herald
:
Representatives from idled East Millinocket mill meet with
congressional delegation
The group discussed plans for restarting the mill that shut
down in January
WASHINGTON - Representatives from the company that owns the
Great Northern Paper mill in East Millinocket met with members of
Maine's congressional delegation on Wednesday to discuss possible plans
for resuming operations at the idled mill.
The East Millinocket mill shut down in January for up to four
months because of increased competition, high production costs and low
prices for paper. Then earlier this month, the company temporarily laid
off more than 200 employees while company officials try to restructure
operations to lower production costs.
The delegation members did not release details of the
discussions with representatives of Great Northern Paper and its parent
company, Cate Street Capital.
"We had a productive meeting with the leadership of Cate Street
and Great Northern Paper in which they stated that they have a plan for
restarting the mill in East Millinocket with the hope of returning some
workers by May 1," Rep. Mike Michaud and Sens. Susan Collins and Angus
King said in a joint statement. "We look forward to reviewing the plan
and staying in touch with Cate Street as they implement it. We stand
ready to do all that we can at the federal level to provide assistance
to the workers and their families who are struggling right now."
The Great Northern mill makes paper for newspapers, catalogs
and paperback books.
(Sen. Collins, Sen. King and Rep. Michaud meet with officials from Cate
Street and Northern Paper)
Cheering on Russell Currier, 2014 Winter Olympics Competitor from Maine
All of Maine and America is proud of Russell Currier, native of
Aroostook County, as he competes in the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.
Congratulations to Russell on this amazing achievement! Watch Senator
Collins' Senate floor speech about Russell by clicking here
.
Meeting with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with
constituents- either Mainers who are visiting Washington, D.C. or at
home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a
few photos from recent meetings:
(Click here
to view a larger version of
this collage in your web browser)
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
February
14, 2014
IN
THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
Leading a bipartisan effort to grow
the economy and create good-paying jobs
Promoting our "Encore Entrepreneurs"
Repealing an unfair reduction in some
military retiree pensions
Supporting Maine's paper industry workers
Cheering on Russell Currier, 2014 Winter
Olympics Competitor from Maine
Meeting with Mainers
Leading
a bipartisan effort to grow the economy and create good-paying jobs
In her ongoing effort to grow the economy and make it easier for employers to hire additional workers,
Senator Collins took to the Senate floor, along with her colleague Bob Casey of Pennsylvania, to urge
Senate leaders to advance bipartisan legislation that would enable small businesses to expand and
create jobs. The two Senators have introduced a bill, the
Small Business Tax Certainty and Growth
Ac t, which would help small businesses plan for investments, lower the expenses associated with
starting a new business, and reduce administrative burdens placed on small businesses.
(Click the play button above or
click
here
to watch excerpts from the floor speech)
"As American families continue to struggle to get the jobs they need at wages they deserve, it is
more important than ever for members on both sides of the aisle to come together on legislation to promote
economic growth and job creation," said
Senator Collins . "Putting people to work is
my number one priority, and I am pleased to be working with Senator Casey on this bipartisan plan that
will help employers around the country grow, succeed, and create good-paying jobs.&#8221;
Senator Collins cited the success of Allagash Brewing Company, which is based in Portland, as an
example of how this bill can enable a small business to expand and hire new workers. Starting as a one-man
operation in 1995, Allagash has grown to approximately 65 employees. The company's expansion was fueled
in part by bonus depreciation and Section 179 expensing, two provisions that would be extended or made
permanent by Senators Collins and Casey's bill.
(Senator
Collins with Allagash founder Rob Tod and employees in 2012)
To read in detail about all the provisions in this legislation,
click
here .
The
Small Business Tax Certainty and Growth Act
is part of Senator Collins&#8217; Seven-Point
Jobs Plan. Read more about the plan by
clicking
here .
Weekly
Column
"Encore
Entrepreneurs: Seniors Starting Businesses and Creating Jobs"
By Senator Susan Collins
Small businesses are truly the backbone of our nation's economy, creating jobs and opportunity. It
might surprise you to learn that individuals between the ages of 55 and 64 actually make up the largest
percentage of new business owners in the U.S. This has been true for decades, even during the height
of the "Dot Com" boom of the 1990s.
Most older Americans don't want to spend their retirement just on leisure. They want to stay active,
and in some cases pursue opportunities that they may not have had the time or ability to pursue in earlier
years. Some seniors have a desire to give back to their communities by creating small non-profit organizations.
Others simply need to earn extra money to help make ends meet. Whatever the case may be, older Americans
have many qualities that make them excellent entrepreneurs. They have life experience and real-world
education, as well as networks they have established and maintained throughout their work careers.
Maine has many great examples of seniors who have taken their talent and skills, know-how and wisdom,
and turned these attributes into successful small businesses. Through their success, they help create
a better life for themselves and to create jobs for others.
Bruce Bohrmann, from Yarmouth, spent his career in the catalog business and as an advertising manager
for a Maine bank. As a hobby during his work years, he also created high-quality, custom-made knives
in his own small machine shop. After he retired, with the help of SCORE, an organization that provides
counsel to small businesses, he was able to turn his hobby into a full-time job, and now sells his knives
to customers around the world.
Keep
reading...
Promoting
our "Encore Entrepreneurs"
Did you know that individuals between the ages of 55 and 64 make up the largest percentage of new
business owners in the U.S? In fact, this has been true for decades.
As Ranking Member of the Senate Special Committee on Aging, Senator Collins held a joint hearing
with the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee titled "In Search of a Second Act: The Challenges
and Advantages of Senior Entrepreneurship. "
Committee members and witnesses discussed the challenges
and opportunities for older Americans to start their own businesses.
Testifying at the invitation of Senator Collins was Elizabeth Isele of Maine, who spearheaded two
organizations that provide support and resources to senior entrepreneurs. Ms. Isele is the Co-Founder
of "Senior Entrepreneurship Works," a non-profit created to help seniors who have or wish to start a
business. She is also founder of SavvySeniorsWork.com, a blog dedicated to senior entrepreneurs.
(Senator
Collins greets Elizabeth before the hearing)
From the
Bangor
Daily News :
&#8220;Most seniors don&#8217;t want to spend their retirement just on leisure, and many need to
earn extra money to help make ends meet,&#8221; Collins said in a statement. &#8220;Despite this, seniors
may not know that running their own business is a realistic option.&#8221;
Some may think of entrepreneurship as a young person&#8217;s game, picturing Red Bull-fueled software
engineers and designers working late into the night and sleeping under their desks as they build their
startup. But that&#8217;s not the case.
In fact, over the past decade individuals between the ages of 55 and 64 have the highest rate of
entrepreneurial activity, according to a 2009 report by the Kauffman Foundation.
&#8220;Senior entrepreneurs are launching new businesses, stimulating job creation and growth, and
boosting prosperity for all age groups,&#8221; Isele wrote in her most recent blog post on SavvySeniorsWork.com.
&#8220;It&#8217;s time to stop the &#8216;senior&#8217; gloom and doom. This is not, as too many espouse,
a &#8216;silver tsunami.&#8217; It is, rather, a &#8216;golden dividend!&#8217;&#8221;
&#231;
Read more
about encore entrepreneurship in the left-hand column.
Repealing
an unfair reduction in some military retiree pensions
Senator Collins issued this statement:
&#8220;This week, the Senate voted with my strong support to repeal a provision in the Bipartisan
Budget Act that would have lowered the cost-of-living adjustment (COLA) for some military retirees. The
measure is now headed to the President's desk for his signature.
&#8220;I opposed including this harmful provision in the Bipartisan Budget Act in the first place,
and I immediately engaged in efforts to secure its repeal after the Senate Majority Leader refused to
allow amendments to the budget deal. I am pleased that the Congress has finally voted to repeal this
unfair provision.
&#8220;I am always mindful of the sacrifices that our service members, veterans, and their families
have made for our great nation. Please be assured of my continuing support for keeping faith with those
who have defended us.&#8221;
Supporting
Maine's paper industry workers
From the
Portland
Press Herald :
Representatives from idled East Millinocket mill meet with congressional delegation
The group discussed plans for restarting the mill that shut down in January
WASHINGTON &#8212; Representatives from the company that owns the Great Northern Paper mill in East
Millinocket met with members of Maine&#8217;s congressional delegation on Wednesday to discuss possible
plans for resuming operations at the idled mill.
The East Millinocket mill shut down in January for up to four months because of increased competition,
high production costs and low prices for paper. Then earlier this month, the company temporarily laid
off more than 200 employees while company officials try to restructure operations to lower production
costs.
The delegation members did not release details of the discussions with representatives of Great Northern
Paper and its parent company, Cate Street Capital.
&#8220;We had a productive meeting with the leadership of Cate Street and Great Northern Paper in
which they stated that they have a plan for restarting the mill in East Millinocket with the hope of
returning some workers by May 1,&#8221; Rep. Mike Michaud and
Sens. Susan Collins
and
Angus King said in a joint statement. &#8220;We look forward to reviewing the plan and staying in touch
with Cate Street as they implement it. We stand ready to do all that we can at the federal level to provide
assistance to the workers and their families who are struggling right now.&#8221;
The Great Northern mill makes paper for newspapers, catalogs and paperback books.
(Sen. Collins, Sen. King and Rep. Michaud meet with officials from Cate Street and Northern
Paper)
Cheering
on Russell Currier, 2014 Winter Olympics Competitor from Maine
All of Maine and America is proud of Russell Currier, native of Aroostook County, as he competes in
the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi. Congratulations to Russell on this amazing achievement! Watch
Senator Collins' Senate floor speech about Russell by
clicking
here .
Meeting
with Mainers
Senator Collins always makes time to meet individually with constituents&#8212; either Mainers who
are visiting Washington, D.C. or at home in Maine.
She values hearing from Mainers on a wide range of topics. Here are a few photos from recent meetings:
( Click
here
to view a larger version of this collage in your web browser)
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
