 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
February 25, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
&amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact Doug
Washington Examiner Op-Ed "Nuclear talks won't stop Iran's
progress toward a weapon"
2/25/14
By Congressman Doug
Lamborn
The past is not dead. In fact, its not even past, the American
novelist William Faulkner
observed.
These words come to mind as
negotiations resumed in Vienna this past week over Iran's nuclear
program, more than two months after a controversial interim agreement was
reached between Iran and the West over the Islamic republic's nuclear
program.
In the weeks since the November accord was announced, we
have seen troubling signs that this deal -- which effectively
recognizes Iran as a threshold nuclear state -- will not bring the peace
everyone wants. Rather, it leads us down the path to a nuclear-armed
Iran.
Iran continues its research and development on advanced
centrifuges and its ballistic missiles system, with the bulk of its nuclear
infrastructure intact. With its economy on the mend, Iran has announced
it is building a new generation of advanced centrifuges for uranium
enrichment, as its research and development on future centrifuges
continues unabated.
Just days before talks were set to resume, Iran
this past week successfully test fired two missiles, including a
long-range ballistic weapon. Iran is now threatening to send warships to the
Atlantic Ocean, and will travel close to U.S. maritime borders for the
first time.
Let us be clear: The interim agreement did not
suspend Irans uranium enrichment. Its most enriched uranium is being turned
into uranium oxide
a chemical process that is completely and easily
reversible. (One commentator said it was like putting it in a safe
where Iran has the key.) Significantly, the accord also does not
dismantle a single one of Irans nearly 20,000 centrifuges. And Irans
leadership says they have no intention of ever doing
so.
The iceberg
of sanctions is melting while our centrifuges are also spinning,
Irans nuclear chief boasts, calling it our countrys greatest
achievement.
In the meantime, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani's message is
that Iran is open for business.
After years of sanctions, there
are now initial indications of an Iranian economic recovery as a
result of changing market expectations and a shifting market psychology.
Indeed, the economic sanctions against Iran
which were the Wests
strongest leverage and were what brought Iran to the negotiating table in
the first place -- are being eroded by other countries eager to resume
trade with Iran. Anticipating looser sanctions, trade delegations are
flocking to Iran to explore business
deals.
The largest European
business delegation in more than three decades visited Iran this
month. The group included a French delegation of more than 100 potential
investors from some of France's biggest companies. Even before that, in
the first three weeks of the year, there were more trade delegations
to Iran than in all of last year.
Also, an oil-for-goods deal
between Russia and Iran reportedly under discussion is worth a cool $1.5
billion a month. In a troubling sign, Russia's economy minister is
headed to Tehran in April to discuss a broad range of trade
issues.
As market psychology is increasingly turning from fear to greed, the
psychological impact of loosening sanctions has begun to change the
economic climate. The Pandora's box has been opened, Tehran-based
economist and financial consultant Rocky Ansari told the Wall Street
Journal.
It's worth remembering that Rouhani in his previous role as
chief Iranian nuclear negotiator said a decade ago that the goal of
diplomacy was to freeze elements of Iranian nuclear program that Iran had
perfected, and buy time for those that it had
not.
Words matter.
So do actions -- both past and
present.
There is little wonder
that the CNN host who recently interviewed Rouhani called U.S. Iran
policy a train wreck.
Contact Info
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICE
1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO
80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICE
415 Main Street
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone:
(719) 520-0055
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
