
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Reducing Defense
Spending
Dear Friends:
The take away from own military career, a combined
21 years of military service between the U.S. Army, the Army Reserve,
the U.S. Marine Corps, and the Marine Corps Reserve, is that we can
significantly reduce defense spending, without compromising national
security, by focusing on the capabilities that can be transferred to the
Reserve Components.
Almost half of defense spending is related to
personnel cost and the cost of the average member of a Reserve
Component is roughly 20% of their active duty
counterparts.
The National Commission on
the Structure of the Air Force was a bipartisan commission created by
Congress through the Fiscal Year 2013 National Defense Authorization Act
(NDAA) in response to what was perceived then as the modern day
challenges to effectively structuring the force between active duty and
reserve components.
As the Commission explicitly stated in its report,
Transitioning missions from the Active Component to the Reserve Components
will allow the Air Force to perform these missions with less expensive
part-time Reservists while reducing the Active Component end strength,
thus saving money in the military personnel accounts that can be put to
use in readiness, modernization, and recapitalization
accounts.
Since my
first election to Congress, in 2008, I have championed efforts to
reduce runaway costs at the Pentagon.
That said, I agree with the
Commissions findings and am actively working to include four amendments
to the FY15 NDAA that are supported by the Commission.
Specifically, these legislative proposals
will:
1.
Ensure that the Air Forces reserve
components are properly resourced by requiring the Air Force to include a
funding line for operational support by the Air Reserve Component and
program for
approximately 15,000 man years of operational support
annually by the Air Reserve Component in all future budget
submissions;
2.
Directs the
Air Force to study the integration of active duty and reserve units
into one cohesive fighting force;
3.
Directs the Air Force to increase manning in the
cyberspace career field with Reserve Component personnel;
and
4.
Directs
the Air
Force to increase manning in the space career field with Reserve Component
personnel.
I believe it is important that we, as a nation, take advantage of
the experiences gained from two wars and leverage the capabilities,
and inherent cost savings, that will come from placing more
responsibilities on the Reserve Component.
As a Member of Congress focused
on reforming the Pentagon and ensuring the American taxpayers money
is well spent, I will continue to look for more efficient ways to
maximize the strengths of our Armed
Forces.
I will also be supporting
and proposing other amendments to the NDAA to establish that the same
commissions for the U.S. Army, Navy, and the Marine
Corps.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive
regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 18,170,270,889,618
Share on Facebook
Share
on LinkedIn
Share on
Twitter
Our
Veterans Deserve Better from the VA
By Reps. Mike Coffman and Ann
Kirkpatrick
TheColoradoObserver.com
Published February 19,
2014
It is time for the
federal government to fulfill its promise to our nations veterans and get
our VA hospitals built, on time and without excessive and avoidable
cost overruns.
Thats why
we are pushing bipartisan legislation to reform a broken bureaucratic
system that has been harming our nations veterans and wasting precious
taxpayer resources.
As a Republican from Colorado and a Democrat from Arizona, we stand
united in our desire to see the Aurora VA hospital and others around
the country are completed. To do that, we need serious reform of how the
VA manages the construction process.
Last year, the House Veterans Affairs Subcommittee
for Oversight and Investigations (O&amp;I) held a hearing entitled VA
Construction Policy: Failed Plans Result in Plans That Fail.
Additionally, the full House Veterans Affairs Committee (HVAC) held a hearing
on Confronting Persistent Challenges in VA Major Construction and
Lease Programs.
The
take-away from these hearings, which is self-evident from the titles,
is that the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) struggles significantly
with construction of healthcare facilities.
At a subcommittee hearing last year, the
Government Accountability Office (GAO) testified that delays in hospital
construction projects in Aurora, Orlando, Las Vegas, and New Orleans
are, on average, 35 months behind schedule and $336 million over budget.
Those numbers are simply unacceptable, for both taxpayers and
veterans in need of care.
As the chairman and ranking member for O&amp;I, we are disheartened by
the findings of our subcommittees investigations into these projects,
detailing gross mismanagement in every aspect of major medical
facility construction, including design, operations, change orders and
payments to prime contractors and subcontractors.
At best, this pattern of mismanagement
indicates utter incompetence
at worst, it shows complete disrespect to our
nations veterans and to the American taxpayer by the VAs Office of
Construction and Facilities Management.
We are committed to working with the VA to solve
these problems because we should do everything in our power to help the
VA provide veterans with quality care. In fact, the Congress as a
whole has made substantial efforts to increase funding for the VA and its
programs despite being in a time of serious budget
constraints.
However, the VA has not
only squandered these taxpayer dollars but has also weakened the
publics trust in their ability to plan, budget, manage and ultimately
construct major medical facilities.
Veterans in Colorado, Louisiana, Florida, and Nevada have
been waiting years for their facilities to be
completed.
The VA claims the Aurora project
will be completed by April 2015 but all evidence points to that
deadline being unrealistic. Additionally, the completion date for the project
in Orlando was pushed back to December of 2014
making it now two
years behind schedule.
Unfortunately, even after numerous congressional hearings and
inquiries, the VA has done little to convince us they can meet any of their
goals on time.
That
is why we introduced legislation to help with the completion of the VA
medical center in Aurora, as well as other projects. H.R. 3593, the VA
Construction Assistance Act of 2013, will implement GAO recommended
reforms such as assigning medical equipment planners to major medical
construction projects and streamlining the change-order
process.
We go one step further by
requiring that an emergency manager, referred to as a special project
manager from the Army Corps of Engineers, independent of the VA, be
appointed to provide oversight for each existing VA major medical
facility projects currently under construction in order to make sure that
the GAO recommendations are fully implemented and to take any
additional steps necessary to help reduce both the cost and the delays that
have plagued these projects.
While this legislation was drafted and introduced late last
year, we delayed in bringing it up in order to see if conditions at the
four VA hospital construction sites might
improve.
Unfortunately however, there are no
significant changes to warrant any further delays in moving forward with
this proposal.
This
emergency manager will be appointed from the ranks of the United States
Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), which according to the GAOs report
dated March of 2013, has institutional knowledge and expertise in
construction and, unlike the VA, consistently completes similar projects
for the Department of Defense on-budget and
on-time.
The USACE will also provide oversight
for the House and Senate Veterans Affairs Committees so that we in
Congress can be apprised of their progress
or lack thereof
on these
projects.
Although
the VA does provide great overall healthcare for our veterans, our
tenor and posture will be to vigorously highlight that the VA needs a
watchdog in order to successfully complete its construction
projects.
This has been and will
continue to be the focus of our Oversight and Investigation
Subcommittee during the 113th Congress. Our work, along with H.R. 3593, will help
to ensure the VA has proper oversight and expertise guiding the
management and ultimate completion of the Aurora VA Medical Center, as well
as the other projects highlighted by the
GAO.
Our veterans cannot simply hope the VA
improves. Rather, we must take action to push these projects
forward.
Colorado Republican Rep.
Mike Coffman is the chairman of the House Veterans subcommittee for
oversight and investigations; Arizona Democrat Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick is
the panels ranking member.
VA data breach 'practically unavoidable,' memo says
By:
Dina
Gusovsky
CNBC
finance.yahoo.com
Published:
February 20,
2014
The online privacy of veterans and Veterans Affairs
employees-including their health-care and financial information-is at risk,
according to an internal draft of a VA report obtained by
CNBC.
A data breach to financial, medical and personal information
is "practically unavoidable" and is likely to happen within 12 to 18
months, according to the draft report prepared in July by the VA's
Office of Information &amp; Technology Risk Management Team. The office is
responsible for securing the online data of roughly 20 million
American veterans, dependents and VA employees.
"The VA cannot
ensure the safety and privacy of Veteran and employee healthcare,
benefits, and financial information," according to the July 2, 2013,
report. "The VA is non-compliant with its own privacy and security
policies and with Federal laws and regulations."
VA spokeswoman
Victoria Dillon told CNBC in an email, "The internal VA document
referenced was an internal draft document with significant inaccuracies
that was subsequently rescinded and corrected. The final document no
longer contains the quoted inaccurate language."
When asked
which specific portions of the report were inaccurate, Dillon failed
to respond. Follow-up questions through additional emails and phone
calls for an updated report were not returned.
In a May
letter obtained by CNBC, Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki
vouched for the VA's information technology systems. "To be clear, VA's
security posture was never at risk," Shinseki said in the letter to
Rep. Mike Coffman, chairman of the House Veterans Affairs
Subcommittee for Oversight and Investigations.
In
addition to the June report,
separate testimony
on June 4 before the House Committee on
Veterans' Affairs called into question the security of veterans'
information.
"In nearly 20
years of building and managing security programs across government and
private industry, I had never seen an organization with as many
unattended IT security vulnerabilities," said Jerry Davis, former deputy
assistant secretary for information security at the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
The June
hearing also revealed the VA had been hacked by multiple foreign entities
since March 2010.
Two
VA officials specializing in information technology, Stephen Warren
and Stan Lowe, testified that at least one foreign entity had targeted
and penetrated the VA's network, according to testimony shared during
the hearing.
Asked
during the hearing whether or not VA has identified more than one foreign
entity that has penetrated the network, Lowe, now VA deputy assistant
secretary for information security, responded, "Yes,
sir."
Coffman, R-Colo., said during the
hearing that evidence suggests the VA's database "has repeatedly been
compromised since 2010 by foreign actors, including in China and
possibly in Russia."
There
have been at least eight breaches of VA's network since March 2010,
including the "Master Password" file that had been compromised,
according to testimony during the hearing.
"VA takes seriously its obligation to properly safeguard
any personal information within our possession," Dillon told CNBC in
an email. "VA has in place a strong, multi-layered defense to combat
evolving cybersecurity threats. VA is committed to protecting Veteran
information, continuing its efforts to strengthen information security,
and putting in place the technology and processes to ensure Veteran
data at VA are secure."
In a November documentary, CNBC
reported about major problems within the VA health-care system,
including preventable patient deaths and unsterile conditions at hospitals
where big bonuses were given to officials.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-7882
Fax: (202)
226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place
IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite
#305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 