
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
February 3-14, 2014
Honored Americas promise to military retirees
Congressman Forbes supported
S.25 ,
which reversed the reduction in cost-of-living adjustments for military retirees under the age of 62, for those who enlisted or received commissions prior to January 1, 2014.
Called for increased transparency
and oversight
Currently, the Attorney General is required to report to Congress any time the Department of Justice stops enforcement of a law on the grounds that it is unconstitutional.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Faithful Execution of the Law Act ,
H.R.3973 ,
to strengthen this provision by requiring any federal official (not just the Attorney General) who is not enforcing a law to report to Congress, and requiring the official to state the exact reason for this non-enforcement, regardless of whether it is being done on constitutional or policy grounds.
Reaffirmed support for Israel
Congressman Forbes joined a
bipartisan letter
reaffirming U.S. support for Israels security and requesting that Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu be invited to address a joint session of Congress.
Defense
Wrote letter to Sec. Hagel regarding upcoming Quadrennial Defense Review.
Congressman Forbes wrote a
letter
to Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel regarding the Departments Quadrennial Defense Review (QDR).
The QDR is DoDs four-year review of its force structure and future plans.
Congressman Forbes encouraged Sec. Hagel to use the QDR to advance DoDs long-term planning and offer a critical assessment of the force structure and capabilities necessary to meet 21 st
century challenges.
Delivered keynote address at National Training &amp; Simulation Association Summit.
Congressman Forbes, founder and co-chairman of the Congress Modeling and Simulation Caucus, spoke about effective and affordable training opportunities offered by modeling and simulation technologies to our military, business, and education communities.
Spoke at Defense Think Tank Budget Briefing for Congress.
Congressman Forbes
spoke
before an audience of industry, academics and military officers at a briefing by members of several different defense think tanks on the Pentagons current fiscal challenges. Congressman Forbes warned of the damage being done to our military by arbitrary budget reductions rather than strategic considerations. He also highlighted the role of game-changing technologies that can cement Americas military advantages in the coming decades. As Chairman of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, Congressman Forbes continues to work with Congress and government agencies to find effective, sensible ways of protecting U.S. national security.
Met with President of Shipbuilders Council of America . Congressman Forbes met with Matthew Paxton, President of the Shipbuilders Council of America, about challenges to the U.S. shipbuilding industrial base. The U.S. shipbuilding industry accounts for more than 400,000 jobs and contributes about $36 billion annually to the U.S. economy. More than 63,000 Virginians are involved in shipbuilding and repair. Shipbuilding continues to be of utmost importance to our economic and national security.
Veterans
Supported GI Bill tuition fairness.
Congressman Forbes supported the GI Bill Tuition Fairness Act,
H.R.357 ,
a bill granting in-state tuition rates for all veterans and other programs that assist servicemembers in receiving quality higher education. The bill also increases career training opportunities and support for homeless veterans.
This bill passed by a vote of 390-0.
Budget
Opposed raising the debt ceiling,
Congressman Forbes opposed legislation ,
S.540 , to
raise the debt ceiling and increase our nations borrowing limit until March 15, 2015.
This bill passed by a vote of 221-201.
Labor
Protected American jobs.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Protecting American Jobs Act ,
H.R. 795 ,
to remove judicial power from the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), allowing unions and businesses to resolve their disputes in court.
The bill limits the rulemaking authority of the NLRB to rules concerning the internal functions of the Board and prohibits the issuance of rules that affect the rights of any person, employer, employee, or labor organization.
Supported access to public markets for startups and emerging companies,
Congressman Forbes supported the Small Cap Liquidity Reform Act ,
H.R. 3448 ,
to create a five-year pilot program under which the securities of participating startups and emerging growth companies, with annual growth revenues of up to $750 million, would be allowed to publically trade in minimum increments of 5 or 10 cents instead of one-penny increments.
This bill passed by a vote of 412-4.
Healthcare
Pressed for Medicare audit reform.
Congressman Forbes joined over 100 Members of Congress in sending a
letter
to Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) Kathleen Sebelius requesting that she take action to alleviate the severe claims backlog in the Medicare Recovery Audit Contractor system. Recovery Audit Contractors (RACs) identify and collect improper payments; however, RAC determinations have also resulted in thousands of errors and have been frequently overturned in costly appeals. Recently, the Department of Health and Human Services Office of Medicare Hearings and Appeals (OMHA) announced that, due to the dramatic increase in the number of decisions being appealed to OMHA, it has suspended assignment of RAC claim appeals to an Administrative Law Judge (ALJ) for at least the next two years.
The letter requests Secretary Sebelius adopt reforms to the RAC system outlined in the Medicare Audit Improvement Act,
H.R. 1250 ,
and take immediate action to address the current backlog.
Family Values
Defended the rights of states to enforce their laws.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the State Marriage Defense Act ,
H.R. 3829 ,
which requires the federal government to respect each states definition of marriage when applying federal laws and regulations.
The Supreme Court left the definition of marriage to the states when it decided
United States v. Windsor , and it is vital that the principles of federalism be protected.
Environment and Natural Resources
Promoted public land access for recreational hunting, fishing and shooting.
Congressman Forbes supported the Sportsmens Heritage and Recreational Enhancement Act,
H.R. 3590 ,
to promote and preserve hunting and shooting on public lands.
Congressman Forbes also supported the Public Access and Lands Improvement Act,
H.R. 2954 ,
to address concerns regarding access to public lands and land restoration efforts.
Of its many provisions, H.R. 2954 allows motorized vehicular access to the Cape Hatteras National Seashore Recreation Area and requires the preparation of a comprehensive budget and management plan for all federal and state efforts to restore the Chesapeake Bay watershed .
These bills passed by votes of 268-154 and 220-194 respectively.
Worked to alleviate propane shortages,
Congressman Forbes joined 73 members of Congress in sending a
letter
to President Obama requesting he take immediate steps to alleviate the propane supply shortage.
The letter expresses concern that any further reduction in supply could impact the ability of Americans to heat their homes and businesses.
Transportation
Worked to prevent undue federal regulations on airline pilots.
Congressman Forbes supported
H.R. 3578 ,
legislation that permits the Transportation Department to set requirements for screening or treating pilots for sleep disorders only if the requirements are established through a rule-making process.
The bill grants the department jurisdiction to set requirements for screening and treating of Air Traffic Controllers but prevents it from issuing any rules or regulations on airline pilots who are not federal employees unless requirements are established through a rule-making process that allows for public comment and debate.
This bill passed by a voice vote.
About Washington Update
Washington Update serves as a resource to the constituents of the Fourth Congressional District of Virginia on the work of Congressman Forbes. It is published weekly while Congress is in session. Hyperlinks to bill information are provided if the information disseminated by the House of Representatives is available at the time of distribution.
As always, Congressman Forbes welcomes your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://randyforbes.house.gov
to send an e-mail or call any of Congressman Forbes' three district offices.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here