
The
Hastings Monthly Report
February 2014
Dear Friends:
Thank you for signing up to receive my monthly E-newsletter, the
Hastings Monthly Report . Every month, I will send updates on what Congress has been focused on, and how I am working hard in Washington on behalf of my constituents in South Florida.
Additionally, I will continue to post day-to-day updates on my
Official Website
and
Facebook page .
Please visit these pages regularly to receive important information about the many issues facing Congress.
President Barack Obamas State of the Union Address
Last week, President Obama delivered his fifth State of the Union address, outlining his vision for putting our country back on track and highlighting the need for immediate action to raise the minimum wage and combat long-term unemployment.
Our nation is known as a land of opportunity, where hard work and dedication lead to a more prosperous future, and where all Americans have the chance to succeed in providing a better life for themselves and their families. Sadly, this vision of the American Dream has slipped further out of grasp for an overwhelming majority of families.
Although we have made great progress in our recovery from the Great Recession
creating millions of private-sector jobs, expanding access to affordable health care, and improving educational opportunities for all
it is not enough. Many families felt the strains of economic insecurity before the recession began, and many continue to face it now.
With each passing day, Americans burdened by long-term unemployment see little action in Congress to give them hope. Instead, they see dysfunction and partisanship. President Obama can and will take action to bring relief to those struggling to get by, but it is Congress responsibility to take up legislation that will bring relief to those who need it. It is time Republicans get serious about moving our country forward.
Unemployment Compensation
Since the New Year, millions of individuals across the country have seen their emergency benefits disappear. For those facing the stress of economic insecurity because of the loss of a job, these benefits are a vital lifeline
a lifeline that has now been severed because of Congressional Republicans inaction. To date, 1.6 million Americans have seen their emergency benefits slashed to nothing, and every week, 72,000 more see their benefits disappear.
Republicans seem content to let these families and individuals flounder in the name of fiscal responsibility. However, removing this emergency safety net is grossly irresponsible, misguided, and callous. Renewing emergency unemployment insurance remains a top priority for House Democrats at the start of the new session of Congress.
Celebrating Black History Month
Every February, we celebrate the proud history and valuable contributions made by Americans of African descent. From the scars of slavery to the triumph of emancipation, and from the injustice of segregation to the struggle for equal rights, the journey of the Black community is inseparably weaved into the fabric of American history. As we mark Black History Month, let us rededicate ourselves to the fight for equality for all Americans.
Congressman Hastings with Essay Contest Winners at the
Martin Luther King Breakfast in West Palm Beach
Flood Insurance
The recent Omnibus Bill included provisions to postpone the exorbitant flood insurance rate hikes currently bearing down on many American homeowners. Although I am pleased at the inclusion of this provision in the Omnibus legislation, the delay is severely limited in its effect and there is much remaining to be done to protect homeowners facing rising premiums.
Many property owners will not yet see any reprieve from increases in flood insurance rate hikes.
For some homeowners, premium rates have already increased nearly 500 percent, severely impacting housing values and threatening to push people out of their homes.
Florida holds nearly 40 percent of the nations flood policies, so it is important to protect homeowners from these exorbitant rate hikes. I will continue to work in Congress for a more substantive and comprehensive fix to this pressing matter.
Legislation in Focus: H.R. 7, the
No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act
Last week, the House of Representatives took up H.R. 7, the
No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act,
legislation that prohibits federal funds from being used for any health benefits coverage that includes abortion. This policy, known as the
Hyde Amendment , has been in place since 1973, making this legislation unnecessary. In reality, H.R. 7 is nothing more than a distraction from the critical and time-sensitive issues facing our nation, and yet another attempt by Republicans to weaken the
Affordable Care Act.
H.R. 7 passed the House of Representatives on January 28, 2014, and has been referred to the U.S. Senate.
Congressman Hastings makes remarks during the Rules Committee hearing
on H.R. 7, the
No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act
For more information on the various issues that I am working on, please visit my official website at
www.alceehastings.house.gov .
With warm personal regards, I remain,
Sincerely,
Alcee L. Hastings
Member of Congress
20th District of Florida
www.AlceeHastings.house.gov
Quick Links
Website
Press Releases
Blog
Email Signup
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Washington Office
2353 Rayburn Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Tel: (202) 225-1313
Broward County Office
2701 W. Oakland Park Blvd, Suite 200
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33311
Tel: (954) 733-2800
Palm Beach County Office
Town of Mangonia Park Municipal Center
1755 East Tiffany Drive
Mangonia Park, FL 33407
Tel: (561) 676-7911
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here