, the comprehensive water fix introduced in the House by the entire California GOP delegation. The bill has already provoked opposition from Governor Brown's administration
and from the usual suspects who have resisted every significant effort to bring relief to drought-stricken Californians. Nevertheless, Speaker of the House John Boehner understands the situation's urgency and is determined to quickly submit this bill for a vote.
Sincerely,
[Description: image003 (3).jpg]
Devin Nunes
MEMBER OF CONGRESS
If you would like to contact me, please visit my website at www.nunes.house.gov .
If you would like to be removed from my mailing list, please send a message to LISTSERV@LS1.HOUSE.GOV
with the text "SIGNOFF NEWSLETTER-CA21" in the body of the message. You can also opt out of all electronic communications by visiting www.nunes.house.gov
and following the instructions.
[Description: Description: Description: Description: Description: USHRepRGB] [Description: Description: Description: Description: Description: youtube signature] [Description: Description: Description: Description: Description: blogger signature]
[cid:image015.jpg@01CD2484.F1C56160]
Dear Friends,
In light of the drought emergency in California, the House leadership has scheduled a vote for next week on
H.R. 3964 , the comprehensive water fix introduced in the House by the entire California GOP delegation. The bill has already provoked opposition from
Governor Brown's administration
and from the usual suspects who have resisted every significant effort to bring relief to drought-stricken Californians.
Nevertheless, Speaker of the House John Boehner understands the situation's urgency and is determined to quickly submit this bill for a vote.
Sincerely,
Devin Nunes
MEMBER OF CONGRESS
If you would like to contact me, please visit my website at
www.nunes.house.gov .
If you would like to be removed from my mailing list, please send
a message to
LISTSERV@LS1.HOUSE.GOV
with the text &quot;SIGNOFF NEWSLETTER-CA21&quot; in the body of the message. You can also opt out of all electronic communications by
visiting
www.nunes.house.gov
and following the instructions.
