
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
A DAY OF PRAYER AND CONTEMPLATION
Since 1953, leaders from all religious backgrounds, sectors of society, and communities around the world have gathered in Washington, DC for the National Prayer Breakfast to unite in faith and to build new relationships that will benefit goodwill for all. This year, when faith leaders gather in our nation&rsquo;s capital, Members of the Congressional Black Caucus hosted the first National Day of Prayer to End Poverty and Income Inequality.
In my faith tradition, we are called to treat the least among us as we would like to be treated. We have a long, hard road ahead of us before we can say we are doing well by the poor. While we will always have the poor with us, we are in a pitiful and perilous state if we do not do more to end poverty and income inequality. Only the most perverse reading of the gospels
would lead one to believe that the 1% is where Jesus would have used his unbridled Holy Ghost power.
As millions of American families continue to live below the poverty line, and the gap between the wealthiest in our nation and all others continues to grow, a good question for our Congress is this: how can the big oil companies receive billions of dollars in federal subsidies while the poor cannot even receive a living wage?
A MEETING WITH EPA ADMINISTRATOR GINA MCCARTHY
This week I had a chance to talk with Gina McCarthy, Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) at a meeting of the Sustainable Energy and Environment Coalition (SEEC).
I thanked Administrator McCarthy for coming to visit my district and speak with some of my rural constituents. I also asked that the final 2014 Renewable Fuel Standard &ndash; the amount of biofuel that must be blended with gasoline in transportation fuels - be more moderate than what EPA had proposed in November.
EPA funding
has been reduced by over 20% in the last four years, and I have concerns about the impact that will have on the agency&rsquo;s staff and its ability to do the scientific research and implement environmental laws that protect our public health.
The EPA is charged with the development, implementation and enforcement of environmental laws that keep our air and water clean and ensure public health and safety.
Congress needs to ensure they have the tools and ability to do that very important work.
A NEW DAY FOR MISSOURI: ON THE ROAD IN KANSAS CITY
Clyde McQueen, President/CEO of the Full Employment Council, Dr. Bridget McCandless, President/CEO at Health Care Foundation of Greater Kansas City, Mayor Sly James, and constituent and business owner Lynn Gardner Hinkle listen to Secretary Sebelius discuss the Affordable Care Act.
Check out this post from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services about Monday&rsquo;s visit from Secretary of Health and Human Services, Kathleen Sebelius:
What a great event we had today here in Kansas City. Secretary Sebelius was in town, along with Mayor Sly James and representatives from the Health Care Foundation of Greater Kansas City and regional nonprofits.
They were joined at the Full Employment Council offices in Kansas City by Lynne Gardner Hinkle, an entrepreneur and mother of four sons, who dropped her health insurance four years ago because of the expense of $600 monthly premiums with a $3,800 deductible. When she developed melanoma she was forced to pay thousands of dollars out of pocket for her care.
But Lynne enrolled in a silver plan through the
Health Insurance Marketplace
that costs less than $200 a month with a $600 deductible. And because of new
Affordable Care Act
protections, she could not be turned down because of her pre-existing condition of cancer.
&ldquo;I consider Obamacare a lifesaver,&rdquo; Lynne said.
Click
here
to read more.
TIME TO TALK EDUCATION
Pictured: Brian Mitchell, Phil Hutchinson, and Doug Whitehead meet with Congressman Emanuel Cleaver, II in his Washington, DC office.
This week I was fortunate to meet with Missouri School Board Members from Jefferson City. We talked about the desperate need to reauthorize ESEA, the political dysfunction on Capitol Hill, and the new opportunities that lie ahead in reauthorization given the changing leadership landscape. We should and we must do all we can for our children&rsquo;s education.
We also talked about Race to the Top, and the need to bring some of those funds back to Missouri. Finally, we talked about digital readiness for Missouri schools, the digital divide in Missouri, and the use of technology in education more broadly.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
(660) 584-7373 (phone)
(660) 584-7227 (fax)
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
