
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
January 19, 2014
Obamacare for
Mortgages?
Recently,
Congressman Pittenger warned Congress that new federal rules would block
many hardworking families from obtaining a mortgage. Watch the
full video
here .
Most American families dream of
owning their own home, putting down roots and making happy
memories.
Achieving that dream becomes
harder this month, thanks to new regulations giving Washington bureaucrats
more control over who gets a mortgage.
Known as Qualified Mortgage among the Washington
elite, the new rules make getting a mortgage more difficult
for
first-time
homebuyers
lower-income
families
rural families
Your local banker
the one who best knows you
and your unique financial situation
might be forced to tell you
no just because you dont fit into a one-size-fits-all box.
Just like Obamacare, the Qualified
Mortgage rule is another example of a Washington-knows-best
mentality.
And just like Obamacare, the Qualified Mortgage rule has
already created unintended consequences:
Charlottes Habitat for Humanity
spent an extra $50,000 in 2013
to comply with the new rules, money
that could have placed a deserving family in a home of their
own.
The Charlotte Regional Realtors
Association
cautions the new rules could hurt
sales . Up until now, the local housing market has been one of the few
bright spots in an anemic economic recovery.
Last week, I called on President Obamas Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau to delay the rules for one year, allowing time
for Congress to make common-sense improvements while still providing
necessary protections.
A
civilized society needs some regulation to curb evil and wrong-doing.
Unfortunately, the pendulum has swung so far toward over-regulation
that Washington bureaucrats are now hurting the very people they claim
to protect.
Did you
know my staff can assist with housing and mortgage issues? For more
information about foreclosure prevention, special programs for first-time
homebuyers, and mortgage resources, please call my Charlotte office at
704-362-1060.
Congressman
Pittenger Calls for Improvements at Charlotte-Douglas
Airport
Congressman Pittenger surveys one of Charlotte-Douglas Airport's current
expansion projects. The outdated control tower must be added to the
list.
Did you know air traffic controllers have trouble seeing parts
of the runways at Charlotte-Douglas?
The current control tower:
Was built more than 30 years ago
Is too short and in the wrong position
Creates potentially dangerous blind
spots
Prevents the third parallel
runway, opened in 2010, from being fully utilized to reduce delays and
congestion at the airport
The solution is to build a new control tower, but nothing is ever
simple with the federal government.
The FAA budget
wont allow a new tower before 2019, and a City of Charlotte offer to
front the money and build the tower more quickly is stuck in
bureaucracy.
Last Monday, I wrote
FAA Administrator Michael Huerta, asking that Charlottes proposal
receive quick consideration.
This win-win proposal would
accelerate critical upgrades at Charlotte-Douglas while staying within
the confines of the FAA budget.
Charlotte-Douglas International Airport is a critical economic engine
for our region, with even more expansion on the way. We want to ensure
the expansion projects and new jobs proceed quickly, without
unnecessary delay due to the federal budget.
You dont have to be the City of Charlotte to receive my
help cutting through red tape!
Last year, more than 1200
of your neighbors received help with federal agency issues including
Social Security, Medicare, Veterans benefits, small business issues, and
passports.
If we may ever be of
assistance, please call my offices in Charlotte or Mooresville, or
send me a request via
Pittenger.House.gov.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Why I am
Pro-Life
On Wednesday, Congressman Pittenger
shared with Congress the personal story of why he actively supports the
Pro Life Movement. Watch the full video
here .
Congressman Pittenger visits VFW
Post 9488
Congressman Pittenger recently visited Charlotte's VFW Post 9488 to
celebrate their 35th anniversary. View additional photos on our
Flickr .
Congressman
Pittenger visits BASF Research and
Development
Congressman Pittenger regularly tours local businesses to learn how
Congress can best help grow the economy and create jobs. Last week, he toured
the BASF R&amp;D facility in southwest Charlotte. Click
here
for
photos.
Washington, D.C.
Tours
Planning a spring break trip to DC? Contact
Congressman Pittenger's office
now
to request a White House
tour, schedule a U.S. Capitol tour, and for other helpful information.
Tour slots fill up quickly for the busy spring break
period.
Click
here
for more
information or call Congressman Pittenger's Washington, DC office at
202-225-1976.
Modernizing Rules for Online
Banking
This week, Congressman
Pittenger called for the revision of banking rules in order to better
serve today's banking needs. Watch the full video
here .
Thanks to online banking, our kids and grandkids will
probably never know the joy of getting a free lollipop at the bank
drive-thru.
Yet rules from that
bygone era have never been modernized for the world of online
banking.
To this day, banks are required to limit you to six
remote transfers (online, ATM, or phone) per month, regardless of advances
in banking technology making the limit obsolete.
Thats why I have written and introduced the
Regulation D Study Act
(H.R. 3240), which directs the
Government Accountability Office to study the old regulations and make
common-sense recommendations on how Congress can update the
rules.
Credit Unions tell me the
current rules are increasingly frustrating to customers who manage their
money on a daily basis using smartphone apps or online
banking.
The House Financial Services
Committee, of which I am a Member, is expected to consider my
legislation in the near future.
Supporting the Charlotte regions critical financial services industry
is one of my top priorities, and this legislation will make life
easier for both banks and their customers.
Survey of the Month Your
opinions are very important to me.
After all, as your Congressman, I work
for you.
Please take just a moment to share your thoughts via this
brief survey of the month: Medicare will be insolvent in 10 years and leading
economists from both parties warn current spending on Social Security,
Medicare, and Medicaid is unsustainable.
Would you support any sort of
entitlement reform in 2014? Select
One Yes, we must avoid financial
collapse Yes, but any reform must protect benefits for those in
or nearing retirement No Other As of November 30th, only 8,970 North
Carolinians had signed up for new insurance on Healthcare.gov, while nearly
500,000 received cancellation notices.
Should Obamacare
be: Select One Totally
repealed Repealed and replaced with a better
plan Reformed Left
alone Other What should Congress do
about immigration reform? Select
One Pass comprehensive immigration reform Take a step-by-step approach which avoids unintended
consequences Take no action Other Do you have children living at home with
you? Select One Yes No Prefer not to
answer
Please
subscribe me to your Enewsletter If you are having trouble, click here.
Charlotte Office
2701 Coltsgate Rd., Suite
105
Charlotte, NC 28211
Phone: (704) 3621060
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM
(M-F)
Mooresville Office
116 Morlake Dr, Suite
101A
Mooresville,NC 28117
Phone: (704) 6968188
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM
(M-F)
Please call ahead to ensure staff availability
Washington D.C.
Office
224 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2251976
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
