 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
ELLIS COUNTY
Saturday, March 15 at 10 a.m.
Center for Health Improvement
Hays
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
February 24, 2014
Dear Friend,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
FCC Media Survey Scrapped After First Amendment Concerns Raised
Friday was a victory for the First Amendment when the Federal
Communications Commission (FCC) announced it will no longer ask media
owners and journalists to participate in an upcoming Multi-Market Study
of Critical Information Needs. While the FCC is required to report
every three years on the barriers that may prevent entrepreneurs and
small businesses from participating in the media marketplace, Congress
has never asked the FCC to evaluate the content of news, how news
stories are selected, and what the news philosophy of the station might
be. Furthermore, this information is not necessary for the FCC to
fulfill its mission to identify barriers for entrepreneurs, and it
comes at a time when Americans have more media options than ever.
Congress has not requested that the FCC to probe into the
decision-making of broadcasters, and there is no place for the
government to be asking about these topics. While the study was
described as voluntary by the FCC, broadcasters may have felt obligated
to participate because they are dependent upon the FCC for their
license to operate and must renew their licenses every eight years.
Thankfully, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler asked that the questions for media
owners, news directors and reporters be removed from the survey. I will
continue fighting to protect the First Amendment and free speech in
America.
Can Americans' Faith in IRS be Restored?
On Thursday, I wrote to The Daily Caller to express my concern for new
proposed rules by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). Following last
year's admission by the IRS of targeting conservative groups for extra
scrutiny during their application process for tax-exempt status,
Americans expected legitimate consequences for agency officials and a
serious investigation into the scandal. Instead, the IRS is effectively
doubling down on their strategy to target political opponents through a
new Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, issued on November 29, 2013.
The new rule seeks to expand the definition of "candidate-related
political activity" for all 501(c)(4) nonprofit organizations, a
definition so broad it could threaten the First Amendment rights for
organizations by denying them tax-exempt status if they use any
communication that mentions a political candidate or party. Under these
enhanced restrictions, social welfare organizations would face
limitations on efforts to educate or register new voters,
get-out-the-vote campaigns, any events in which a political candidate
is present, and many more activities. From the 23,000 public comments
on the rule (and counting), it is clear that organizations on both the
left and right of the political spectrum are worried these proposed
rules will infringe upon their constitutional rights by harming their
ability to communicate with both candidates and the public.
I have joined Senator Pat Roberts and many other Senate colleagues in
introducing legislation, the Stop Political Targeting by the IRS Act,
to suspend any IRS rulemaking related to 501(c)(4) organizations for
one year, while the investigation into their previous targeting scandal
remains ongoing. In addition, my colleagues and I have written IRS
Commissioner John Koskinen to remind him that he has the power to stand
up to the Obama Administration and put a stop to these inappropriate
tactics. After last year's revelations of deliberate political
targeting, the IRS has a steep climb to repair its relationship with
the American people, but abandoning these proposed rules would be a
positive and necessary step in the right direction. To view the full
text of my op-ed in The Daily Caller, click here
.
Congressional Hearing on Alzheimer's Research
This Wednesday, February 26, the Senate Appropriations
Labor-Health-Education Subcommittee will hold a hearing on the impacts
of Alzheimer's disease and research initiatives to address the disease.
As Ranking Member of this subcommittee, I requested this hearing to
detail the urgent need to commit to defeating one of the greatest
threats to the health of Americans and the financial well-being of our
country, and to highlight groundbreaking research initiatives currently
taking place. The hearing will feature a panel of experts including
representatives of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) - the focal
point for our nation's medical research infrastructure. We will hear
testimony from NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins, as well as former U.S.
Representative for Kansas' 3rd Congressional District Dennis Moore. In
2012, Dennis publicly announced that he had been diagnosed with
Alzheimer's disease. Since then, he has worked to raise the profile of
this disease and to advocate for research support.
We must achieve not only an effective treatment, but a cure for
Alzheimer's over the next decade. I recently wrote an op-ed and spoke
to my colleagues on the Senate floor about the need to pursue this
goal. Please click here
to read this editorial and here
to watch my floor speech. I hope that this hearing will draw
attention to the urgency of the challenges posed by Alzheimer's
disease, and highlight innovative research advances that have the
potential to bring us closer to effective treatments and one day,
hopefully, a cure.
Our Nation's Fallen Service Members Deserve Better
This week, CBS News reported
on real concerns that the Pentagon's Joint
POW-MIA Accounting Command (JPAC) has had its solemn mission of
finding, identifying and returning the remains of fallen American
soldiers undermined by lapses in management. As a member of the Senate
Veterans Affairs Committee, I have long shared these concerns and
believe it is becoming increasingly clear that JPAC is not adequately
fulfilling its duties.
During the lapse in appropriations and government shutdown last
October, several POW/MIA excavation and recovery missions previously
scheduled to occur in November and December 2013 were postponed or
canceled altogether, including the case of Major Dean Klenda of Pilsen.
Maj. Klenda went Missing In Action on Sept. 17, 1965, when his F-105
plane crashed in North Vietnam. At that time of the delays, I made it
clear to General McKeague that Congress is committed to working with
JPAC to make certain excavations are carried out and completed on
schedule.
I introduced an amendment to the FY14 National Defense Authorization
Act in December that expressed the sense of the Senate that funds for
planned or scheduled POW/MIA excavations in fiscal year 2014 should not
be subject to annual appropriations. I will continue to work on
preventing such scenarios from ever happening again, but the $300
million increase in funding for JPAC included in the Omnibus last month
makes further delays in planned recovery missions inexcusable.
In response to the ongoing issues at JPAC, and General McKeague's
assertion that delays will continue, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel
announced this week
that he will
give the Pentagon 30 days to deliver a plan to speed up the process of
finding, recovering and identifying missing remains of United States
troops from previous wars. I am pleased with this decision and I look
forward to reviewing the proposed reforms. It is vital that JPAC make
good on the promise to find, identify and bring America's heroes home.
Army Veterans to Receive Medal of Honor
On Friday, the White House announced that two Army veterans with Kansas
ties - First Lieutenant Donald K. Schwab and Sergeant Jack Weinstein -
will posthumously receive the Medal of Honor on March 18, 2014. This
news came after an extensive review of their valorous actions that
initially awarded them the nation's second highest decoration, the
Distinguished Service Cross.
Much time has passed, but I'm happy to see that these courageous
veterans received Presidential attention for their courageous actions
while serving in World War II and the Korean War. They are both more
than deserving of this distinguished honor and will finally receive the
recognition they deserve. First Lieutenant Donald K. Schwab served in
World War II; Sergeant Jack Weinstein served in the Korean War. Both
Schwab and Weinstein's families currently reside in Kansas.
Kansas Listening Tour Stops: Lansing and Hill City
This week, I held Kansas Listening Tour stops in Lansing and Hill City.
In Lansing, nearly 50 area residents came out to discuss a variety of
issues including access to health care for veterans, energy, the
deficit and our broken immigration system. Here, I'm pictured with LTG
Rich Keller (Ret.) and high school student Sarah Jane Vandersteen.
In Hill City, I met with 20 area residents at the Graham County
Courthouse. We discussed veterans' issues, the Farm Bill, need for
health care in rural communities and the debt.
The issues I focus on and work I do in Washington, D.C., are largely
based on the conversations I have with Kansans during these town hall
meetings. Thanks to the folks who came out today and shared a dose of
Kansas common sense! Check my website for upcoming Kansas Listening
Tour stops.
Summer Internships
I'm now accepting applications for congressional internships in my
Washington, D.C., and Kansas offices for summer 2014. An internship in
my office - either legislative or communications - provides a unique
opportunity to work closely with Senate staff on behalf of the state of
Kansas. Legislative interns will gain a better understanding of the
legislative process in the U.S. Congress, and develop knowledge and
professional skills valuable to future career pursuits. Communications
internships provide a unique opportunity to learn about how political
communications and the legislative process intersect, and gain
practical knowledge about the inner workings of a fast-paced press
office.
The application deadline for summer 2014 internships is March 1, 2014.
Applications can be obtained and completed under the "Services" section
of my website. Applicants should submit a completed application form,
resume, academic transcript, two letters of recommendation and a cover
letter explaining their interest in public service and detailing a
policy issue of personal importance. Please submit required materials
to: internships@moran.senate.gov
Kansans in the Office
Edward Watson of Wichita
Audrey Doane of Downs
Steve Doane of Downs
Heidi Doane of Downs
Kansas Department of Labor
Secretary Lana Gordon of Topeka
Justin McFarland of Topeka
National Association of School Psychologists
Cassandra Mia Bonitto of Lawrence
Rachel Bromberg of Lawrence
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can
also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
ELLIS COUNTY Saturday,
March 15 at 10 a.m. Center for Health Improvement Hays
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense February
24, 2014
Dear
Friend,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
FCC
Media Survey Scrapped After First Amendment Concerns Raised
Friday
was a victory for the First Amendment when the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced it will
no longer ask media owners and journalists to participate in an upcoming Multi-Market Study of Critical
Information Needs. While the FCC is required to report every three years on the barriers that may prevent
entrepreneurs and small businesses from participating in the media marketplace, Congress has never asked
the FCC to evaluate the content of news, how news stories are selected, and what the news philosophy
of the station might be. Furthermore, this information is not necessary for the FCC to fulfill its
mission to identify barriers for entrepreneurs, and it comes at a time when Americans have more media
options than ever. Congress has not requested that the FCC to probe into the decision-making of broadcasters,
and there is no place for the government to be asking about these topics. While the study was described
as voluntary by the FCC, broadcasters may have felt obligated to participate because they are dependent
upon the FCC for their license to operate and must renew their licenses every eight years. Thankfully,
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler asked that the questions for media owners, news directors and reporters be removed
from the survey. I will continue fighting to protect the First Amendment and free speech in America.
Can
Americans&#8217; Faith in IRS be Restored? On Thursday,
I wrote to
The Daily Caller
to
express my concern for new proposed rules by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). Following last year&#8217;s
admission by the IRS of targeting conservative groups for extra scrutiny during their application process
for tax-exempt status, Americans expected legitimate consequences for agency officials and a serious
investigation into the scandal. Instead, the IRS is effectively doubling down on their strategy to target
political opponents through a new Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, issued on November 29, 2013.
The
new rule seeks to expand the definition of &#8220;candidate-related political activity&#8221; for all
501(c)(4) nonprofit organizations, a definition so broad it could threaten the First Amendment rights
for organizations by denying them tax-exempt status if they use any communication that mentions a political
candidate or party. Under these enhanced restrictions, social welfare organizations would face limitations
on efforts to educate or register new voters, get-out-the-vote campaigns, any events in which a political
candidate is present, and many more activities. From the 23,000 public comments on the rule (and counting),
it is clear that organizations on both the left and right of the political spectrum are worried these
proposed rules will infringe upon their constitutional rights by harming their ability to communicate
with both candidates and the public.
I
have joined Senator Pat Roberts and many other Senate colleagues in introducing legislation, the Stop
Political Targeting by the IRS Act, to suspend any IRS rulemaking related to 501(c)(4) organizations
for one year, while the investigation into their previous targeting scandal remains ongoing. In addition,
my colleagues and I have written IRS Commissioner John Koskinen to remind him that he has the power to
stand up to the Obama Administration and put a stop to these inappropriate tactics. After last year&#8217;s
revelations of deliberate political targeting, the IRS has a steep climb to repair its relationship with
the American people, but abandoning these proposed rules would be a positive and necessary step in the
right direction. To view the full text of my op-ed in
The Daily
Caller ,
click
here .
Congressional
Hearing on Alzheimer&#8217;s Research
This Wednesday, February 26, the Senate Appropriations
Labor-Health-Education Subcommittee will hold a hearing on the impacts of Alzheimer&#8217;s disease and
research initiatives to address the disease. As Ranking Member of this subcommittee, I requested this
hearing to detail the urgent need to commit to defeating one of the greatest threats to the health of
Americans and the financial well-being of our country, and to highlight groundbreaking research initiatives
currently taking place. The hearing will feature a panel of experts including representatives of the
National Institutes of Health (NIH) &#8212; the focal point for our nation&#8217;s medical research infrastructure.
We will hear testimony from NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins, as well as former U.S. Representative for
Kansas&#8217; 3rd Congressional District Dennis Moore. In 2012, Dennis publicly announced that he had
been diagnosed with Alzheimer&#8217;s disease. Since then, he has worked to raise the profile of this
disease and to advocate for research support.
We
must achieve not only an effective treatment, but a cure for Alzheimer&#8217;s over the next decade.
I recently wrote an op-ed and spoke to my colleagues on the Senate floor about the need to pursue this
goal. Please
click
here
to read this
editorial and
here
to
watch my floor speech. I hope that this hearing will draw attention to the urgency of the challenges
posed by Alzheimer&#8217;s disease, and highlight innovative research advances that have the potential
to bring us closer to effective treatments and one day, hopefully, a cure.
Our Nation&#8217;s Fallen Service Members Deserve Better
This week,
CBS
News reported
on
real concerns that the Pentagon&#8217;s Joint POW-MIA Accounting Command (JPAC) has had its solemn mission
of finding, identifying and returning the remains of fallen American soldiers undermined by lapses in
management. As a member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, I have long shared these concerns and
believe it is becoming increasingly clear that JPAC is not adequately fulfilling its duties.
During
the lapse in appropriations and government shutdown last October, several POW/MIA excavation and recovery
missions previously scheduled to occur in November and December 2013 were postponed or canceled altogether,
including the case of Major Dean Klenda of Pilsen. Maj. Klenda went Missing In Action on Sept. 17, 1965,
when his F-105 plane crashed in North Vietnam. At that time of the delays, I made it clear to General
McKeague that Congress is committed to working with JPAC to make certain excavations are carried out
and completed on schedule.
I
introduced an amendment to the FY14 National Defense Authorization Act in December that expressed the
sense of the Senate that funds for planned or scheduled POW/MIA excavations in fiscal year 2014 should
not be subject to annual appropriations. I will continue to work on preventing such scenarios from ever
happening again, but the $300 million increase in funding for JPAC included in the Omnibus last month
makes further delays in planned recovery missions inexcusable.
In
response to the ongoing issues at JPAC, and General McKeague&#8217;s assertion that delays will continue,
Defense
Secretary Chuck Hagel announced this week
that he will
give the Pentagon 30 days to deliver a plan to speed up the process of finding, recovering and identifying
missing remains of United States troops from previous wars. I am pleased with this decision and
I look forward to reviewing the proposed reforms. It is vital that JPAC make good on the promise to find,
identify and bring America's heroes home.
Army
Veterans to Receive Medal of Honor On Friday, the White
House announced that two Army veterans with Kansas ties &#8211; First Lieutenant Donald K. Schwab and
Sergeant Jack Weinstein &#8211; will posthumously receive the Medal of Honor on March 18, 2014. This
news came after an extensive review of their valorous actions that initially awarded them the nation&#8217;s
second highest decoration, the Distinguished Service Cross.
Much
time has passed, but I&#8217;m happy to see that these courageous veterans received Presidential attention
for their courageous actions while serving in World War II and the Korean War. They are both more than
deserving of this distinguished honor and will finally receive the recognition they deserve. First Lieutenant
Donald K. Schwab served in World War II; Sergeant Jack Weinstein served in the Korean War. Both Schwab
and Weinstein&#8217;s families currently reside in Kansas.
Kansas
Listening Tour Stops: Lansing and Hill City This week,
I held Kansas Listening Tour stops in Lansing and Hill City.
In
Lansing, nearly 50 area residents came out to discuss a variety of issues including access to health
care for veterans, energy, the deficit and our broken immigration system. Here, I&#8217;m pictured with
LTG Rich Keller (Ret.) and high school student Sarah Jane Vandersteen.
In
Hill City, I met with 20 area residents at the Graham County Courthouse. We discussed veterans&#8217;
issues, the Farm Bill, need for health care in rural communities and the debt.
The
issues I focus on and work I do in Washington, D.C., are largely based on the conversations I have with
Kansans during these town hall meetings. Thanks to the folks who came out today and shared a dose of
Kansas common sense! Check my website for upcoming Kansas Listening Tour stops.
Summer
Internships
I&#8217;m now accepting applications for congressional internships
in my Washington, D.C., and Kansas offices for summer 2014. An internship in my office &#8211; either
legislative or communications &#8211; provides a unique opportunity to work closely with Senate staff
on behalf of the state of Kansas. Legislative interns will gain a better understanding of the legislative
process in the U.S. Congress, and develop knowledge and professional skills valuable to future career
pursuits. Communications internships provide a unique opportunity to learn about how political communications
and the legislative process intersect, and gain practical knowledge about the inner workings of a fast-paced
press office.
The
application deadline for summer 2014 internships is March 1, 2014. Applications can be obtained and completed
under the &#8220;Services&#8221; section of my
website .
Applicants should submit a completed application form, resume, academic transcript, two letters of recommendation
and a cover letter explaining their interest in public service and detailing a policy issue of personal
importance. Please submit required materials to:
internships@moran.senate.gov .
Kansans
in the Office Edward Watson of Wichita
Audrey Doane of Downs
Steve Doane of Downs
Heidi Doane of Downs
Kansas
Department of Labor Secretary Lana Gordon of Topeka
Justin McFarland of Topeka
National
Association of School Psychologists Cassandra Mia Bonitto of
Lawrence
Rachel Bromberg of Lawrence
Honored
to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve
you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their
thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words of Kansans, whether
in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
