
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
ISSUES
LEGISLATION
February 16, 2014
Dear
David,
The past couple of weeks have been
particularly busy, both here in the 1st District and in
Washington.
Over the past month, I have heard from many of you
on issues facing our nation and I could not agree more. Among the many
legislative initiatives we are working on in Congress, bringing jobs
back to California, controlling Washingtons spending problem, and
repealing and replacing Obamacare remain on the top of the
agenda.
While 2014 definitely brings new challenges, it
also brings new opportunities to better serve you. I remain committed
to being open and accessible to you. I have multiple office locations
including Oroville, Redding, Auburn, and D.C.
Please continue
to let me know your thoughts and concerns regarding issues that affect
you and your families. It is an honor to be your
Representative.
Sincerely,
Rep. LaMalfa meeting with North State residents visiting
Washington,
D.C.
Protecting the
North States Water Rights
Last week, I joined
the California Republican delegation in introducing and supporting
legislation which strengthens and protects the North States
area-of-origin water rights. Ensuring that communities have access to water which
originates in their region is the most fundamental of all water
rights. I am proud of the unified effort made by members across the state to
end the overreaching environmental rules that have put the needs of
fish before those of humans and caused a new dust bowl in much of the
Central Valley.
Click
here
to watch Rep. LaMalfa's floor speech on H.R.
3964.
The bill,
HR 3964 , also authorizes
several new surface storage projects in California, including Sites
Reservoir in Colusa and Glenn Counties. If projects like Sites Reservoir were
in place, wed have far more water available for cities, farms and
the environment. The state needs to stop wringing its hands and give
Californians the opportunity to vote on a bond that truly funds new
surface storage. The measure was passed by the House on a bipartisan
229-191 vote.
I also joined state Senator Jim Nielsen in
sending a letter to Governor Jerry Brown reminding him that courts, the
state legislature, and the federal government have all recognized the
absolute priority of area-of-origin and senior water rights held by
the North State.
Ensuring That Agriculture Continues
Growing
Good agriculture policy is incredibly
important to Northern California, as our congressional district is home to
one of the most diverse and productive agricultural regions in the
world. After more than four years of work, the House passed the 2014 farm
bill, which saves $23 billion and includes some of the most
significant reforms to farm policy to date. The Bill,
H.R.
2642 , which passed on a bipartisan vote of 251-163, saves $16 billion
by ending direct subsidy payments to farmers, closes food stamp
loopholes to save $8 billion, and ensures that rural counties receive
funding the federal government, owed them under the Payments In Lieu of
Taxes program.
Rep. LaMalfa
awarding Gabe McDonald from Grass Valley his Congressional Bronze Medal,
the United States Congress' award for young
Americans.
While I would have preferred a bill that generated
more savings and included larger reforms, I believe that weve achieved
as much as the Democrat-led Senate will allow. The stability this
bill gives California agriculture will be key to helping our farmers and
rancher weather the historic drought were experiencing. Weve
modernized our crop programs by ending market-distorting payments, closed
loopholes in the food stamp program, and ensured that our agricultural
economy remains stable.
Making Job Creation a Top
Priority
Last week, the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) reported
that at least 2 million Americans are expected to work fewer hours or
leave the workforce entirely due to Obamacare. On top of that, the
latest jobs report do not paint a pretty picture for our economy: 91.27
million Americans are not in the workforce today and 5.6 million between
the ages of 18-34 cannot find a job. We can and must do better. The
last thing hardworking individuals and families need right now is to
see their jobs, salaries, and hours to be put at risk. The House of
Republicans has shown their commitment to making jobs a top priority in
Congress. In fact, in 2013, 40 pro-growth jobs bills were passed and are
still awaiting a vote in the Senate. You can track the status of
these bills through
http://www.speaker.gov/jobs.
Rep. LaMalfa speaking at
the opening of his Auburn district
office.
Putting the Brakes on Californias High-Speed Rail
Plan
After a state court ruled what anyone
paying attention has known for years, that the California High-Speed
Rail Authoritys plan violated voter-approved law, it is time for
Congress to put a stop to this plan, particularly now that California is
prohibited from using state bonds to build the project. At a time when
every aspect of federal spending is being scrutinized, it is completely
inappropriate to use borrowed federal dollars for this project. From
a price tag that has doubled and wildly exaggerated employment claims
to false ridership and ticket price figures, the High-Speed Rail
Authority has never been truthful with Californians or the federal
government. The claims made in attempts to prop it up have reached the level
of farce. Governor Jerry Brown has proposed using funds meant for
carbon reduction to prop up the plan, even as the Authority itself admits
that it plans to plant thousands of trees to offset the systems
massive emissions.
Earlier last month, I had
the opportunity to testify at a the House Transportation &amp;
Infrastructures Rail Subcommittee Hearing on the financial risk to federal and
state budgets posed by Californias high-speed rail plan. Following
the hearing, I also joined every Republican member of Californias
Congressional delegation in introducing a bill,
H.R.
3893 , to suspend federal funding for the
project.
Click
here
to
watch Rep. LaMalfa testify at the Rail Subcommittee Hearing.
Veterans Legislation Update
I
voted in favor of a bill that ensures our men and women in uniform
can access higher education as rapidly and inexpensively as possible.
Unfortunately, weve seen similar proposals in California shot down by
Democrats claiming concerns about cost, even as the state granted
illegal immigrants in-state tuition and grants at a cost of as much as $65
million. This measure will right that wrong. The bill,
HR 357 , which passed in the House with unanimous consent,
requires public universities and colleges to offer military personnel
in-state tuition in order to be eligible for GI Bill
funding.
Rep. LaMalfa
speaking with North State veterans at the Veteran's Day Parade in
Auburn.
I also voted in favor of legislation to repeal the reduction in
Cost of Living Adjustments (COLA) passed as part of the federal
budget agreement. This measure, which passed in the House by a vote of
223-193 vote, gives our veterans certainty in knowing their well-deserved
pensions are protected.
Rep. LaMalfa touring the UPS facility in Chico.
Service Academy Nominees from North
State
Our area has a long tradition of service,
and I am honored to have the opportunity to assist residents in the
North State with their efforts serve our nation. Earlier this month, I
announced my nominations for 15 North State residents as candidates to
the United States Service Academies. The nominees were recommended by
a committee of North State community leaders and veterans of all
service branches. I am very grateful for the retired military leaders from
our area whose generous commitment of their time and expertise
produced an outstanding group of students to represent the North
State.
The North State nominees for the
service academies are:
Luke Barrett - Meadow Vista
U.S. Naval
Academy
Jamien Bergstorm - Redding
U.S. Merchant
Marines Academy
Garrison Collier -
Janesville
U.S. Naval Academy and U.S. Air Force Academy
Alexandra
Dahnke - Red Bluff
U.S. Naval
Academy
Jeffrey Foreman - Anderson
U.S. Air Force
Academy
Sarah Gamble - Magalia
U.S. Air Force
Academy
Chandler Heppe - Nevada City
U.S. Air Force
Academy
Sarah Holderman - Grass Valley
U.S. Air
Force Academy
Nathan Jacques -Auburn
U.S.
Air Force Academy
David Langston -
Dunsmuir
U.S. Naval Academy and U.S. Merchant Marines
Academy
Giancarlo Nandino - Red Bluff
U.S. Air Force
Academy
Nickolaus Schaeffer - Chico
U.S. Naval
Academy
Ryan Silva - Auburn
U.S. Air Force
Academy
Nina Tucker - Redding
U.S. Air Force
Academy and U.S. Military Academy
Colin Vestal -
McArthur
U.S. Military Academy
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me
to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Share on
Facebook
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
Washington D.C.
Office
506 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-3076
Fax: (202)
226-0552
Oroville District Office
1453 Downer Street,Suite A
Oroville, CA 95965
Phone: (530) 534-7100
Fax: (530) 534-7800
Redding District Office
2885 Churn Creek Rd., Suite C
Redding, CA 96002
Phone:
(530) 223-5898
Fax: (530) 605-4339
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
