
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Week of January 27, 2014
McConnell Extends Condolences for Lives Lost in Tragic Kentucky House Fire
On Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor extending his prayers and condolences to the families of the nine souls lost in Thursday morning&rsquo;s tragic house fire in Greenville, Muhlenberg County, in western Kentucky. Senator McConnell and his wife, Elaine, are hopeful for a speedy recovery for the two victims who survived.
During his remarks, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;Personnel from three fire departments&mdash;Greenville Fire, Graham Volunteer Fire, and Beechmont Volunteer Fire&mdash;responded to the blaze. I want to thank these brave firefighters, as well as the emergency medical technicians, police officers, and other first responders who heroically leapt in to save lives. The entire Commonwealth stands beside Muhlenberg County right now, and we&rsquo;ll do whatever we can to help you recover from this horrific loss.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view a report from WEHT-TV.
McConnell Secures Industrial Hemp Opportunities for Kentucky
Earlier this week, Senator McConnell secured a long-awaited federal victory for industrial hemp production in Kentucky as he obtained language in the final version of the Farm Bill that would allow state departments of agriculture to cultivate industrial hemp in agricultural pilot programs in states that already permit the growth and cultivation of industrial hemp. A critical federal component had been missing in order for Kentuckians to begin to grow and establish a market for industrial hemp. Senator McConnell crafted this language in order to fix this problem.
Senator Rand Paul first brought hemp to Kentucky&rsquo;s attention when he cosponsored legislation in the 112th Congress that would have excluded industrial hemp from federal regulation under the Controlled Substance Act, which currently does not distinguish industrial hemp from marijuana. Industrial hemp lacks the high quantities of the active ingredient THC found in the abuse-prone marijuana. Senator Paul, along with Senator McConnell, cosponsored this legislation when it was reintroduced in the 113th Congress.
&ldquo;This is an important victory for Kentucky&rsquo;s farmers, and I was pleased to be able to secure this language on behalf of our state. I applaud Commissioner Comer, Senator Paul and Congressmen Massie and Barr for their work to highlight the importance of this issue,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;By giving Commissioner Comer the go ahead to cultivate hemp for pilot programs, we are laying the groundwork for a new commodity market for Kentucky farmers.
By exploring innovative ways to use hemp to benefit a variety of Kentucky industries, while avoiding negative impact to Kentucky law enforcement&rsquo;s efforts at marijuana interdiction, the pilot programs authorized by this legislation could help boost our state&rsquo;s economy.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read a report from the
Courier-Journal
in Louisville, Ky.:
&ldquo;Sen. Mitch McConnell Secures Industrial Hemp in Final Version of Farm Bill&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to view a report from WBKO-TV in Bowling Green.
McConnell&rsquo;s Efforts Help Protect Jobs at Bluegrass Station in Lexington
On Friday, Senator McConnell joined Major General Edward W. Tonini, Kentucky&rsquo;s Adjutant General, in Lexington, Kentucky, for the opening ceremony of Bluegrass Station&rsquo;s new facility, the Kentucky National Guard Consequence Management Support Center. At the event, Senator McConnell said he was pleased to work with General Tonini &ldquo;to advance our country&rsquo;s security goals and to protect good jobs in Central Kentucky.&rdquo;
&ldquo;I was honored to work with General Tonini to help protect Kentucky jobs and bring economic development to the community,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said during the event. &ldquo;Due to General Tonini&rsquo;s vision and our joint efforts, over 2,800 private-sector positions were protected here at Bluegrass Station and the increased capacity is also likely to create more jobs at the facility in the future. I am profoundly grateful to those of you here in uniform today &ndash; and to the private-sector employees at the facility &ndash; who help make our communities, the Commonwealth and our nation safer.&rdquo;
General Tonini said, &ldquo;Senator McConnell is our go-to guy to make sense of senseless situations. Back in 2011, we realized we needed help on the federal level to help change deed restrictions and federal agreements so we contacted Senator Mitch McConnell. Senator McConnell worked with over half-a-dozen federal agencies who were involved in this complicated agreement that not only helped protect these 2,800 Kentucky jobs, but help aid our homeland defense and national security. We are very fortunate to have Senator McConnell as our Kentucky Senator. He&rsquo;s a friend of mine and an advocate of our Guard.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell brought several federal agencies together in his Washington, D.C. office and helped work out a solution that allowed the parties to enter an agreement which not only protects Bluegrass Station&rsquo;s mission and current jobs but provides the facility the ability to expand and create new jobs. Currently, Bluegrass Station has an annual economic impact of approximately $230 million to Central Kentucky.
McConnell Calls on IRS Chief to Oppose Obama Administration &ldquo;Thuggery&rdquo;
Obama Administration&rsquo;s New Rules Limit Free Speech
This week, Senator McConnell called on the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Commissioner, John Koskinen, to resist efforts by the Obama Administration to muzzle free speech. Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor regarding the Obama Administration&rsquo;s efforts to use the IRS to limit First Amendment rights.
During his floor remarks, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;the new IRS commissioner has a simple choice: he can either restore the public&rsquo;s trust in an agency whose reputation was already in doubt, or he can allow himself to be used as a political pawn by an administration that now seems willing to do anything to keep those it disagrees with from fully exercising their constitutionally-protected right to free speech.&rdquo;
He continued, &ldquo;After recent scandals the IRS shouldn&rsquo;t be getting more involved in what people can and cannot say, but less. Commissioner Koskinen must take a stand against this kind of thuggery and make it clear to a nervous public that his agency will not engage in any more government-sanctioned crackdowns on speech.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell joined Megyn Kelly on Fox News&rsquo; &lsquo;The Kelly File&rsquo; to discuss the Administration&rsquo;s proposed new rules to tighten IRS controls which would silence critics of President Obama whether they are conservative or liberal.
Click the image below to view the interview.
Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s op-ed he penned on this issue.
Senator McConnell Continues to Highlight the Pains of Obamacare
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell delivered remarks on the Senate floor regarding the President&rsquo;s State of the Union Address on Tuesday night. Senator McConnell expressed his disappointment that the President missed an opportunity to unite our nation around a forward-looking agenda that would get Americans back to work, solve healthcare challenges, reform our tax code, and reduce the national debt.
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
Senator McConnell has heard from Kentuckians who are experiencing the negative affects of Obamacare &ndash; losing insurance policies and doctors they liked and were told they could keep.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell wrote a letter addressing Republican governors asking for their input and ideas for alternatives to Obamacare&rsquo;s mandates, taxes and higher premiums if Congress were able to repeal the law and replace it with real reform. The letter reads, &ldquo;this law is flawed beyond repair, and the only true solution is to repeal Obamacare. But that&rsquo;s not enough. Obamacare must be replaced with reforms that Americans support.
We have advocated some of these types of reforms for many years, approaches like insurance policies tailored to those with pre-existing conditions, promoting wellness and reining in junk lawsuits.&rdquo;
McConnell Participates in 60th Hospital Town Hall in Kentucky
On Friday, Senator McConnell participated in his 60th hospital town hall meeting and discussed with employees of Saint Joseph Hospital in Lexington, how Obamacare is affecting Kentuckians and Kentucky businesses.
Senator McConnell visits with Kentuckians at Saint Joseph Hospital in Lexington.
McConnell Hosts Tele-Town Hall with Kentuckians to Discuss Obamacare and the Obama Economy
On Monday, from his office in Washington, D.C., Senator McConnell hosted a telephone-townhall with Kentuckians. Senator McConnell spoke with a number of Kentuckians as they discussed Obamacare, the President&rsquo;s War on Coal, and the economy.
Senator McConnell listened as Kentuckians shared their stories about the stress that Obamacare is causing: restricted access to doctors and hospitals, lost jobs, lower wages, fewer choices, higher costs. As Senator McConnell continues to advocate for Kentucky jobs and families, he is the President&rsquo;s number-one adversary standing up to his anti-coal agenda and calling for the repeal of Obamacare.
Senator McConnell hosts telephone-townhall with Kentuckians from his office in Washington, D.C.
McConnell Recognizes National School Choice Week
Senator McConnell advocates for school choice initiatives in Kentucky
In recognition of National School Choice Week, Senator McConnell penned an op-ed for Kentucky newspapers advocating for school choice initiatives in the Commonwealth. On Tuesday, Senator McConnell submitted a statement for the
Congressional Record , the official record of the proceedings and debates of the United States Congress.
Senator McConnell wrote that National School Choice Week is an &ldquo;ideal time to remember that school choice can be an important option for children&hellip; Over 10,000 young Kentuckians a year drop out of school, with little likelihood to return and reduced prospects for the future. Dropping out before graduating high school very often subjects kids to added hardship. Studies by the U.S. Census Bureau show that the average high-school dropout earns 42 percent less than a high school graduate without a college degree. And these failures of our school system fall hardest on minority and low-income children. But the big government-educational complex too often cares more about the bricks and mortar of a failing school than the children attending it. Special interests, like those of unions, can outweigh the interests of individual students. We need to provide increased opportunities for families to choose the education environment that best meets the needs of their children. School choice programs do just that&mdash;they empower parents.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read the full text of the Senator&rsquo;s op-ed.
Senator McConnell: The Delay in Raising Water Level at Lake Cumberland is &ldquo;Unacceptable&rdquo;
This week, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service announced their plan to delay raising water levels at Lake Cumberland in southern Kentucky. Senator McConnell commented on the plan, calling their decision, &ldquo;unacceptable.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;The water level at Lake Cumberland has been and continues to be a major concern for many in the community, and the announcement by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is unacceptable. The lower water level for the past few years has hurt the local economy, due to a decrease in the amount of visitors to the popular recreational area. I urge the Army Corps and U.S. Fish and Wildlife to reconsider this decision and I will contact both agencies immediately to express the concerns of those in the community.&rdquo;
As Senator McConnell continues to hear from many members of the Lake Cumberland community, he welcomes you to share your thoughts on the issue by clicking
HERE .
Click
HERE
to read a report from the
Commonwealth Journal
in Somerset, Ky.:
Political powers in Washington, D.C. and Frankfort are flexing their muscles. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell called the Corps' action &ldquo;unacceptable.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view a report from WKYT-TV.
Visiting with Kentuckians
Throughout the week, Senator McConnell welcomed a number of Kentuckians to his office in the U.S. Capitol to meet and discuss a range of important issues.
On Tuesday, Margeaux Gray of Louisville visited D.C. through The Alliance to End Slavery &amp; Trafficking and shared her story with Senator McConnell. As a survivor, Margeaux is a passionate advocate for ending human trafficking and modern slavery. She thanked Senator McConnell for the opportunity to meet and speak with him on the issue of human trafficking and talk about ways to end trafficking.
Margeaux Gray of Louisville and Senator McConnell in the U.S. Capitol.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell met with Dr. Gary Inman of Elizabethtown, the Kentucky representative for the American Association of Orthodontists. They discussed legislation related to dental health care.
Dr. Gary Inman of Elizabethtown and Senator McConnell in the U.S. Capitol.
On Thursday, Senator McConnell enjoyed discussing Kentucky agriculture priorities with members of the Kentucky Small Grain Growers Association and the Kentucky Corn Growers Association.
(L-R: KY Small Grain Growers Assn&rsquo;s Bernard Peterson of Bardstown, KY Corn Growers Assn&rsquo;s Laura Knoth of Louisville, Senator McConnell)
While in Kentucky last week, Senator McConnell visited with United Parcel Service (UPS) employees and spoke with employees of the energy management company, Fellon-McCord.
At UPS, Senator McConnell discussed the importance of free trade and economic growth. He also applauded UPS on their success story in the Commonwealth.
Senator McConnell speaks with UPS employees in Louisville.
While visiting with employees at Fellon-McCord, Senator McConnell discussed the President&rsquo;s war on coal, overregulation, and energy issues.
Senator McConnell speaks with employees at Fellon-McCord, an energy management company in Louisville.
In the Media
Earlier this week, Senator McConnell was a guest on &lsquo;Fox News Sunday&rsquo; with host, Chris Wallace. Senator McConnell spoke about how the Obama Administration has plagued our nation&rsquo;s economy with more spending, more borrowing, more debt, and more regulation.
Click the image below to view Senator McConnell on &lsquo;Fox News Sunday.&rsquo;
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell was on Fox News&rsquo; &lsquo;Special Report&rsquo; to talk about the need to reduce the national debt.
Click the image below to view the news segment.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell spoke with Lee Cruse on WLVK-Radio in Lexington to talk about the President&rsquo;s State of the Union Address. Click
HERE
to listen.
Also on Wednesday, Senator McConnell joined Terry Meiners on 84WHAS-Radio in Louisville to discuss Obamacare and the Obama economy. Click
HERE
to listen.
Last week, Senator McConnell joined Joe Elliott in studio on WGTK-Radio in Louisville.
Click the image below to listen to the interview.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation's capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
