
As the Seahawks prepare to take on the Denver Broncos tonight in NFL Super Bowl XLVIII, I wanted to send you a quick update on my week in Congress. Thanks for taking the time to read my e-newsletter. I'm pleased to provide this e-newsletter as an additional way for me to keep in touch with Central Washington residents. I hope you find it informative and I encourage you to forward it to any co-workers or friends who might be interested in
signing up themselves
to receive periodic updates in the future.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. If I can ever be of any assistance to you, please contact my office at (509) 543-9396 or visit my website at
www.hastings.house.gov . You can also like me on
Facebook
and follow me on
Twitter .
Go Hawks!
TOP NEWS
What the President Failed to Mention in His Address
On Tuesday, January 28th, President Obama delivered his fifth State of the Union address.
The president spoke a lot about his year of action, but what is significant in his speech is what he failed to mention,
said Hastings on Tuesday following the president's speech .
There was no mention tonight of the thousands of employees who have lost their employer-provided health care coverage or had their take home pay cut as a result of Obamacare. President Obama failed to mention that tens of thousands of jobs would be created if he stopped delaying construction on the bipartisan Keystone XL pipeline. And the president failed to call on the Democrat-run Senate to vote on the
40 House-passed jobs bills
still awaiting action, while millions of Americans continue to search for jobs and thousands more give up searching for work each month. The fact is, Americans are hurting as a result of President Obamas own policies.
Hastings Votes for Final Five-Year Farm Bill
On Wednesday, January 29th, the House of Representatives passed a final five-year Farm Bill with strong bipartisan support.
I supported this final Farm Bill, which eliminates or consolidates more than 100 programs and saves American taxpayers $23 billion of their hard-earned money,
said Hastings following the vote .
This legislation continues the important investments in agricultural research, specialty crops, pest management, and trade promotion programs that are critical to ensuring that Central Washingtons farmers can continue to compete in a global marketplace. While more can certainly be done, Im encouraged that this bipartisan bill makes the largest reforms to farm and nutrition assistance programs in U.S. history. It took a lot of hard work to reach this point, but Im pleased to join my colleagues today in passing this five-year bill that gives our hardworking farmers and ranchers the certainty they deserve.
The legislation fully funds the Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) program, which provides funding for vital services in counties containing federal lands. The bill requires states to verify federal benefits are not going to deceased individuals and that beneficiaries are not receiving benefits from more than one state. It also closes an abusive loophole that allows states, like Washington, to mail $1 heating assistance checks to thousands of residents so that they can automatically qualify for federal programs. The legislation now heads to the U.S. Senate this week for final approval and then to the presidents desk for his signature.
57 Bipartisan Members Seek Equal Tax Treatment
On Thursday, January 30th, Representatives Doc Hastings (R-WA) and Jim McDermott (D-WA) led a
bipartisan letter
signed by 57 Members of Congress seeking tax treatment fairness for the residents of states that do not collect income taxes.
The sales tax deduction expired on January 1, 2014. This means a disproportionate number of Americans will shoulder a larger share of the federal tax burden if the deduction is not extended,
wrote the Members in the letter .
The sales tax deduction plays a vital role in our states economies, spurring growth and creating jobs.
Since residents of nine states cannot claim a deduction for state income taxes, extending the sales tax deduction would ensure that millions of Americans are not penalized for their states preferred tax structure.
Meeting With Folks of the Fourth Congressional District
I enjoy meeting with people throughout Central Washington to hear how I can best work for you in Congress. Last week, I met with employees and toured the Caps Evergreen Pharmacy in Yakima. The facility offers comprehensive pharmacy services to residents of long term care facilities.
I also spoke with residents at the Grandview Rotary Club's monthly luncheon and provided members with an update on Congress and discussed the latest on Obamacare.
Have ideas for improving the Endangered Species Act?
Share them with us.
WEEKLY MESSAGE
January 31, 2014
President Reports to Congress on the State of the Union
January 24, 2014
More Trade Opportunities Create More Washington Jobs
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
What your congressperson is betting on the Super Bowl
The Seattle Times
Obamacare tops the list of U.S. congressman's concerns
The Daily Sun News
Local ag industry officials relieved to see farm bill move forward
The Yakima Herald
Audio: House Farm Bill and Going Rogue
Ag Information Network
Hastings seeks changes to Endangered Species Act
Tri-City Herald
Reps. Doc Hastings, Jim McDermott unite behind sales-tax deducation
The Seattle Times
VIDEO: Sick Kids Denied Specialty Care Due to Obamacare in Washington
The Weekly Standard
CONNECT WITH DOC
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
RSS
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1203 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-5816 | Fax: (202) 225-3251
TRI-CITIES OFFICE
2715 St. Andrews Loop, Suite D
Pasco, WA 99301
(509) 543-9396 | Fax: (509) 545-1972
YAKIMA OFFICE
402 E. Yakima Avenue, Suite 760
Yakima, WA 98901
(509) 452-3243 | Fax: (509) 452-3438
Click Here Click Here