
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
Share this on:
February 6,
2014
Dear Fellow Nevadan,
Last month, two
important projects were completed that improve Nevadas economy and
Nevadans quality of life. On January 23 rd , I attended the
dedication ceremony of the One Nevada Transmission Line, marking the
completion of a three-year project, funded by the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act, that electrically connects NV Energy's northern and
southern service areas for the first time. The next day, I joined Boulder
City Mayor Roger Tobler and members of the Boulder City community to open
two new service lines at the Boulder City Hospital, a project made
possible by a loan from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.
This week, I was proud to lead the Senate in passing a Farm Bill
agreement that includes a one-year extension of Payments in Lieu of Taxes
(PILT) at full funding levels. PILT funds are paid to counties to
compensate for the loss of tax revenue due to federal land ownership. It is
a matter of fairness that in a state like Nevada, where the federal
government owns over 85 percent of the land, our counties receive the
revenue they deserve from this land. Nevada counties are able to use
these funds to provide vital services such as fire-fighting, law
enforcement, and healthcare. That is why I worked to ensure this one-year
extension was included in the Farm Bill agreement, and stand committed to
ensuring PILTs continued funding in the years to
come.
Thank you for taking the time to read this email. To learn more about my
work in the Senate on behalf of Nevadans or to contact me, please
visit
reid.senate.gov , or connect with me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
HARRY REID
U.S. Senator for
Nevada
Dedication of One Nevada Transmission
Line
I was proud to help dedicate the One Nevada Transmission Line. This
transmission line means that, for first time, the southern and
northern Nevada electric power grids are connected. This is making our
electricity grid more efficient, more reliable, and saving Nevadans
money.
Construction of this transmission line created hundreds of
jobs for Nevadans, thanks to the public-private partnership that was
made possible by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. The
One-Nevada transmission is also helping Nevada take advantage of its
renewable energy resources because the new line carries renewable energy from
seven geothermal projects, two solar projects, one large wind farm and
a landfill gas-to-energy project throughout the Silver
State.
From left, Public Utilities Commission of Nevada Chairman Alaina
Burtneshaw, LS Power Chairman Mike Segal, U.S. Sen. Harry Reid, NV Energy CEO
Michael Yackira, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Acting Chairman
Cheryl LaFleur, Executive Director of the Loan Program Office for the
Department of Energy Peter Davidson, and Governor's Office of Energy
Director Paul Thomsen, stand in front of the One Nevada Transmission
Line during the dedication ceremony at the Harry Allen Generating
Station, north of Las Vegas, on Thursday, January 24, 2014. (Chase
Stevens/Las Vegas Review-Journal)
Opening Ceremony of
New Boulder City Hospital Services
On
January 24th, I joined Boulder City Mayor Roger Tobler, Clark County
Commissioner Mary Beth Scow, Boulder City Hospital CEO Tom Maher, Nevada
USDA Rural Development State Director Sarah Adler, and many other
members of the community in celebrating the completion of Phase 1 of
construction of Boulder City Hospitals 10-bed Inpatient Geriatric Behavioral
Medicine and 10-bed Inpatient Acute Rehabilitation unit. This
expansion was made possible through collaborative efforts between USDA Rural
Development, Building Hope Nevada, Rural Community Assistance
Corporation, The City of Boulder City, and Clark County. As a result of this
community effort, Boulder City Hospital was able to secure a loan from
the USDA Rural Development fund for $13.8 million to support its age
in place services. All Nevadans should have access to quality health
care, and I was proud to commend everyone involved in this project for
their hard work, dedication, and commitment to making this a reality
for the residents of Boulder City.
Senator Harry Reid
joins Nevada USDA Rural Development State Director Sarah Adler, Boulder
City Hospital CEO Tom Maher, and others in celebrating the
completion of Phase 1 of construction and the beginning of Boulder City
Hospitals 10-bed Inpatient Geriatric Behavioral Medicine and 10-bed
Inpatient Acute Rehabilitation unit on Friday, January 24,
2014.
Contact
Email
Signup
English
|
Espaol
(Spanish)
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Las Vegas
Lloyd D. George Building
333 Las Vegas Boulevard
South
Suite 8016
Las Vegas,
NV 89101
Phone: 702-388-5020
Fax: 702-388-5030
Reno
Bruce R. Thompson Courthouse
and
Federal Building
400 South Virginia Street,
Suite 902
Reno, NV 89501
Phone: 775-686-5750
Fax: 775-686-5757
Carson City
600
East Williams Street
#304
Carson City, NV 89701
Phone: 775-882-REID
(7343)
Fax: 775-883-1980
Washington
522
Hart Senate Office Building - Washington, DC 20510
Phone: 202-224-3542 - Fax: 202-224-7327
Toll Free
for Nevadans: 1-866-SEN-REID (736-7343)
Restricted to calls originating from area codes 775 and 702
Copyright 2014 Senator Harry Reid
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
