 today:
"In recent years as the Air Force looked for areas to cut in these tight budgetary times, they have continually sought to make draconian cuts to the Air National Guard even though the Air Guard is the most cost-effective part of the force.
I have been proud to help lead the effort in Congress to request that the Air Force to look elsewhere for savings, not simply because I am so proud to represent the brave men and women who serve in the Air Guard at Selfridge Air National Guard Base (ANGB), but because I know that the Air Guard is the most cost-effective part of our force.
This report proves what we have been saying all along and demonstrates the incredible value added to our national security by the Air Guard.
"During these last 12 years, we have seen the largest call up of Guard and Reserve units since World War II and those brave men and women have served brilliantly.
Many of those men and women serve in the 127th Wing at Selfridge ANGB flying A-10 Ground Attack aircrafts and KC-135 refuelers, they have served on and over battlefields across the globe, and their service has helped make our nation more secure.
The Commission recognized this when they made their visit to Selfridge ANGB last year.
"The Commission is correct in stating that any effort by the Air Force to divest or retire A-10s, like those flown at Selfridge ANGB, must be approved by Congress.
The Commission also recommends that the Air Force work with Congress on future missions to make certain that the valuable experienced personnel are not lost.
You can be certain that I will demand such consultation and will not vote to approve any new force structure or basing that would mean the loss of these personnel who are so vital to our national security.
"I look forward to the President and the Department of Defense working with the Congress to implement the Commission's recommendations.
Working together to ensure we provide all of our men and women of the armed forces the tools they need to succeed, as well as maintain our nation's readiness level, which means maintaining and building upon the vital role of the Air Guard.
I believe that this will make certain that we fulfill our first and foremost responsibility to provide for our nation's common defense."
Background:
Last year, the Commission had been tasked with studying the structure of the Air Force in order to determine whether and how the structure should be modified to best fulfill current and future mission requirements of the Air Force.
In September 2013, the Commission visited Selfridge ANGB, the 127th Wing of the Michigan Air National Guard to collect information on the National Guard's effectiveness which greatly contributed to this report.
The Commission's detailed report provided recommendations to the President, the Department of Defense and Congress to evaluate and improve the overall structure of the Air Force.
Specifically of note, the Commission recommended that the Air Force place greater reliance on the Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve to lower overall military personnel costs and produce a more ready and capable force.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller: National Report Reaffirms Vital Role of Our National Guard and Reserves
Jan 30, 2014
WASHINGTON &#8211; U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) made the following statement regarding the National Commission
on the Structure of the Air Force&#8217;s
report released
today:
&#8220;In recent years as the Air Force looked for areas to cut in these tight budgetary times, they have continually sought
to make draconian cuts to the Air National Guard even though the Air Guard is the most cost-effective part of the force.
I have been proud to help lead the effort in Congress to request that the Air Force to look elsewhere for savings, not simply because
I am so proud to represent the brave men and women who serve in the Air Guard at Selfridge Air National Guard Base (ANGB), but because I know that the Air Guard is the most cost-effective part of our force.
This report proves what we have been saying all
along and demonstrates the incredible value added to our national security by the Air Guard.
&#8220;During these last 12 years, we have seen the largest call up of Guard and Reserve units since World War II and those brave
men and women have served brilliantly.
Many of those men and women serve in the 127th Wing at Selfridge ANGB flying A-10 Ground Attack aircrafts and KC-135 refuelers, they have served on and over battlefields across the globe, and their service has helped
make our nation more secure.
The Commission recognized this when they made their visit to Selfridge ANGB last year.
&#8220;The Commission is correct in stating that any effort by the Air Force to divest or retire A-10s, like those flown at Selfridge
ANGB, must be approved by Congress.
The Commission also recommends that the Air Force work with Congress on future missions to make certain that the valuable experienced personnel are not lost.
You can be certain that I will demand such consultation and
will not vote to approve any new force structure or basing that would mean the loss of these personnel who are so vital to our national security.
&#8220;I look forward to the President and the Department of Defense working with the Congress to implement the Commission&#8217;s
recommendations.
Working together to ensure we provide all of our men and women of the armed forces the tools they need to succeed, as well as maintain our nation&#8217;s readiness level, which means maintaining and building upon the vital role of the Air Guard.
I believe that this will make certain that we fulfill our first and foremost responsibility to provide for our nation&#8217;s common defense.&#8221;
Background:
Last year, the Commission had been tasked with studying the structure of the Air Force in order to determine whether and how the structure should be modified to best fulfill current and future mission requirements of the Air Force.
In September 2013, the Commission
visited Selfridge ANGB, the 127th Wing of the Michigan Air National Guard to collect information on the National Guard&#8217;s effectiveness which greatly contributed to this report.
The Commission&#8217;s detailed report provided recommendations to the President, the Department of Defense and Congress to evaluate
and improve the overall structure of the Air Force.
Specifically of note, the Commission recommended that the Air Force place greater reliance on the Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve to lower overall military personnel costs and produce a more ready
and capable force.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
