Click here to view this message in your browser.
Websi te
|
Biography
|
Constituent Services
|
The 16th District
|
Press Room
|
Committees
|
Contact
Dear Friends,
Today, President Obama will come to our Valley to see firsthand the challenges we are facing with this catastrophic drought. After two dry years, our reservoirs are depleted, and we are faced with fewer options to cope with the challenges ahead. During his visit, the President will announce a series of administrative actions to reduce the pain we are facing and offer emergency assistance to our farmers and farm worker families.
This Valley has always been a place where immigrants, including my grandparents, have been drawn to build a better life with little more than the clothes on their backs. Most of them come here to work hard in our agriculture economy and make an honest living. When drought strikes, the threat of layoffs and fallow fields can end these people&rsquo;s dreams.
Out at my family&rsquo;s farm, I grow almonds, but when I look at these almonds I see more than a healthy food. I see the tired hands that tend crops throughout our Valley. I see farmers who struggle to keep their operations going.
Today, the Administration will lay out a series of actions to offer emergency assistance to our livestock producers and actions that will help mitigate the long-term impacts of the drought to our land. The President also will announce additional assistance to our food banks and summer meal programs that ensure that no child goes hungry when the school year ends because their mom or dad cannot find work in the fields. And USDA will extend funds to our rural communities experiencing water shortages to help preserve a safe, reliable supply of drinking water among other actions.
Besides these federal funds, I hope that the President will urge action on
legislation I offered with Senators Feinstein and Boxer this week . Our bill would make the best use of scarce available water resources and has the potential to generate more than 500,000 acre-feet for water agencies that receive water from the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project.
These are just a few of the short-term actions that could help ease this year&rsquo;s pain, but we in the Valley know that we need a long-term fix for our broken system that was designed for 16 million people as our state of 38 million continues to grow. While a long-term solution is overdue, our past water fights must not get in the way of a coordinated, statewide response to maximize limited water supplies during the immediate crisis.
When the President lands in Fresno today, he will see more than the devastation of the drought; he will catch a glimpse of what makes this Valley so special. This is our home.
Please feel free to contact me on this or any other federal issue of importance to you. If you know other people in our community who would benefit from occasional updates on issues important to our Valley, please forward this email and have them visit my website to
sign up for email updates .
Sincerely,
Jim Costa
Member of Congress
Fresno Office
855 M Street, Suite 940
Fresno, CA 93721
Phone:559-495-1620
Fax:559-495-1027
Washington, DC Office
1314 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:202-225-3341
Fax: 202-225-9308
Click here to unsubscribe from e-newsletter updates
