
Saturday, January 25, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
I would like to share with you several updates from my Congressional Work Week here in the 28th District of Texas.
Meeting with Homeland Security Secretary
Congressman Cuellar provides remarks on border issues with Rigo Villarreal, Superintendent of the Anzalduas Bridge, local mayors and representatives from the Border Trade Alliance prior to his meeting with Secretary Johnson.
On Tuesday, I participated in a meeting with the Secretary of Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson, and local law enforcement agents in Mission, Texas.
The Secretary's visit in Mission marked his first trip to the Southwest Border since he was confirmed a few months ago.
During the meeting, I discussed the need to bring more resources down to the border, including funding for additional Customs and Border Protection agents, the men and women in blue.
It was a pleasure to welcome the Secretary to South Texas and I look forward to continuing to work with him.
Mobile Medical Unit Unveiling in Laredo
Rep. Cuellar participates in the unveiling of a new mobile medical unit that will service the colonias outside of Laredo.
Communities along the border face a unique set of challenges in providing healthcare to their citizens, especially for those that live in colonias. This Monday, I helped unveil the BCFS Health and Human Services Healthy Start mobile unit that will bring care directly to communities along the border in the Laredo area that have some of the highest rates of poverty and lack of insurance.
Speech at Laredo Community College
Congressman Cuellar speaks about the importance of education at the Laredo Community College Career Pathways Workshop
On Wednesday, I had the opportunity to speak at the Career Pathways Workshop at Laredo Community College. This is the 3 rd
annual event hosted by the STEM Articulation Grant, which serves to help high school seniors pursue STEM careers at LCC.
The workshop gives students hands-on experience in STEM areas, as well as highlights STEM career opportunities.
Of the fastest growing occupations in the next decade, the majority will require at least some background in a Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics (STEM) field. Hispanics account for only a small portion of STEM professionals, even though the Hispanic population is booming nationally and has one of the highest rates of young people in the country.
STEM fields are the future and for this reason, I ask educators to encourage their students to dream big and for students to strongly consider a career in STEM fields.
Surplus Property Workshop Held by Videoconference
Over 60 people attended the surplus property videoconference in four cities across the District hosted by my office.
On Thursday, my office hosted a free video conference for local government officials, K-12 schools, colleges and universities, and non-profits to learn about the State and Federal Surplus Property Programs, which donate or sell used government equipment.
The workshop was held in Laredo, Floresville, Universal City, and Mission.
Innovative programs like these provide a creative way for the federal and local governments to join forces and save tax dollars.
I thank the Texas Facilities Commission, the U.S. General Services Administration, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration for sharing their expertise on these programs.
Available property includes heavy equipment, office supplies, vehicles, tools, furniture, medical and lab equipment, clothing, camping equipment, and more.
For more information on the Texas State Surplus Property Program, visit
http://tfc.state.tx.us/divisions/supportserv/prog/fedsurplus .
U.S. General Service Administration - How to Acquire Surplus Federal Property
http://gsa.gov/portal/content/104591
NASA Space Programs - Historic Artifacts Program
http://gsaxcess.gov/NASAWel.htm
Health Insurance Marketplace Community Workshop in San Isidro
Starr County residents attend a health insurance workshop in San Isidro hosted by my office to learn more about their options in the health insurance marketplace.
On Wednesday, my office hosted a health insurance community workshop in San Isidro that provided an opportunity for Starr County residents to meet face-to-face with certified application counselors from local health centers. The deadline to enroll in a plan is March 31, 2014 and I encourage Starr County residents to come to these workshops to receive face-to-face help and advice about their new health care options.
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
P.S. What are your priorities for Congress in the coming months?
Share them with me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Connect
The House is in session Monday through Wednesday next week.
Upcoming Hearings
What can the Federal Government Learn from the Private Sectors Successful Approach to Hiring Veterans?
House Committee on Veterans' Affairs | 334 Cannon House Office Building Washington, DC | Jan 28, 2014 10:00am
Small Business Trade Agenda: Status and Impact of International Agreements
House Small Business Subcommittee on Agriculture, Energy and Trade
Tuesday, January 28, 2014
House Transportation and Infrastructure - Subcommittee on Highways and Transit Subcommittee Hearing Jan. 28, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn Bldg.
Keeping College within Reach: Sharing Best Practices for Serving Low-income and First Generation Students
House Education &amp; the Workforce Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Training- Jan. 28 th
-10:00 AM
RHOB 2175
Latest News
Valley Town Crier, 1/21/14:
"Cuellar Talks Border Business"
Valley Central, 1/21/14:
"CBP Aims to Cut Down on Bridge Wait Time, Improve Trade"
San Antonio Express, 1/21/14:
"New CBP Officers Just a Beginning"
McAllen Monitor, 1/23/14:
"Torn Between Higher Taxes and Bridge Hassles"
San Antonio Current, 1/22/14:
"Will the SA/Monterrey High Speed Rail Line Really Happen?"
Neighborhood Office Hours
Tuesday, January 28th
Poteet City Hall
474 Avenue H
Poteet, Texas
10am-11am
Lytle City Hall
14916 Main
Lytle Texas
12pm-1pm
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here