DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update February 7, 2014
CLICK HERE
to see the pictures and graphics in this email.
Watch this week's dose
of common sense
HERE.
A Busy Week for Wyoming in the U.S. House
Dear friends,
On Tuesday of this week, after months of hearings and forums, I and the rest of the Endangered Species Act (ESA) Working Group released our final Report, Findings, and Recommendations to help bring the ESA into the 21st century.
In the coming months we hope to develop legislation to update the ESA to make it work better for both species and people.
You can read the report by
clicking here.
Wednesday morning, my highest priority piece of legislation, the Open Book on the Equal Access to Justice Act (EAJA), was approved by the House Judiciary committee by voice vote and with bipartisan support.
This bill reinstates tracking and reporting requirements of payments made by the federal government to attorneys under EAJA.
This will increase transparency and inform Congress of the effectiveness of the law and whether it is being used as Congress intended.
On Thursday I joined my colleagues in the U.S. House to pass the Public Lands and Access Improvement Act with my amendment to the grazing provisions to allow federal land agencies to consolidate environmental reviews for greater efficiency and to ensure timely responses for trailing and crossing permits for federal land ranchers.
As part of the package of bills on Thursday, my River Paddling Protection Act also moved to the Senate.
This measure will lift a decades old ban on paddling for many of the waters in the
Yellowstone and Grand Teton National Parks.
Paddling is an unforgettable and low impact way of enjoying the outdoors and I look forward to ensuring that paddlers have a seat at the table to receive appropriate consideration by the Park Service.
As always, I am proud to represent Wyoming.
If you have any thoughts or concerns please dont hesitate to
share them with me.
Sincerely,
Join the conversation! Stay connected to me through
,
,
and
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Newsletter Sign-Up
------------------------------------
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Tumblr
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here