
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
January 21, 2014
To create jobs, promote access to opportunity via human
networks
Like most Americans, I support the ability of
individuals to collect unemployment insurance for a limited amount of time.
But in order to start solving the problem of long-term unemployment,
this debate has to begin addressing the presidents broken policies
that are making it more difficult to find work.
The truth is
that government policies are causing long-term unemployment, creating
barriers for low-income Americans to work their way into the middle
class, locking millions of Americans in poverty traps, and preventing
families who are barely making it from getting ahead. These policies
unintentionally discourage almost every positive step underprivileged
families can take toward social mobility and economic
security.
Utah can provide a good example for the rest of the country. A
combination of smart, efficient government, an active and faithful civil
society and perhaps the most successful private welfare system in the
world has made Salt Lake the most upwardly mobile region in the country.
And we have one of the lowest unemployment rates in the country to
show for it.
Thats why I have begun and will continue to
pursue a reform agenda in Washington that begins to lift the artificial
weights imposed by government.
Click here to learn more about what we need to do to create jobs and
promote access to opportunity via human networks
Utah's Model of Economic
Mobility
I recently participated in a hearing on income
inequality in the Joint Economic Committee.
We had a great
discussion on Utah's model of economic mobility.
Salt Lake is the most
upwardly mobile region in the country, and I believe that Utah's model
of economic mobility provides an alternative to controversial,
big-government, wealth redistribution programs.
You can watch the full
exchange in the following video clip.
I also recommend watching
the comments of my colleague, Senator Klobuchar, towards the end of
the clip.
She asks partcipants in the hearing to identify the
state where it is most likely right now to go from the bottom to the top
of the income scale. The answer to her question should
start a great discussion on what we can be doing to increase
economic mobility .
Click here to watch:
http://youtu.be/VSqKdFhNiLw
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, D.C.
Office
316 Hart Senate Office
Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building
125 South State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT 84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St. George
Office of Senator
Michael S. Lee
285 West Tabernacle,
Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
