
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
January 2014
Spoke in support of commissaries
Congressman Forbes
spoke
on the House floor to oppose any effort to shut down Department of Defense-run commissaries. Each year, commissaries provide an average 31 percent savings for our military families on a wide variety of goods and consequently serve as a valuable recruitment and retention tool for our all-volunteer force. Congressman Forbes believes there are better ways to address our fiscal problems than taking from the benefits our servicemembers rely on.
Worked to protect Americans' personal information
Congressman Forbes joined 291 bipartisan Members of Congress in passing the Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act,
H.R. 3811 , requiring the Department of Health and Human Services to quickly notify individuals of any security breach of health care exchange system information that results in personally identifiable information of the individual being stolen or unlawfully accessed.
This bill passed by a vote of 291-122.
Eased burdens on small businesses
Congressman Forbes supported two pieces of legislation to reduce burdens imposed by the Securities and Exchange Commission on small businesses and financial services entities.
H.R.2274 , the Small-Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales and Brokerage Simplification Act, exempts mergers and acquisitions brokers that assist in the transfer of ownership of small, privately owned businesses from SEC registration.
H.R. 801 , the Holding Company Registration Threshold Equalization Act, would increase the thresholds at which a savings and loan company must register with the SEC or may deregister with the SEC, equalizing them to the thresholds for banks and bank holding companies.
These bills passed by votes of 422-0, and 417-4 respectively.
Defense
Led bipartisan letter warning against cuts to Americas aircraft carrier fleet.
Congressman Forbes led a
bipartisan letter
with 10 other members of Congress to Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel cautioning him against reducing the size of our carrier fleet. Congressman Forbes believes a strong carrier fleet and aircraft carrier industrial base is critical to U.S. national security.
Focused on an Asia-Pacific strategy.
Congressman Forbes, as part of his bipartisan Asia-Pacific Oversight Series, initiated a recent
Armed Services Committee hearing
on U.S. interests in the Asia-Pacific region. Three senior officials from the Department of Defense testified on recent military, diplomatic, and technological developments in the region and next steps for the U.S policy.
Congressman Forbes also met with a Japanese delegation to the U.S. led by Nobuo Kishi, the Parliamentary Senior Vice Minister for Foreign Affairs, to discuss the strength of the U.S.-Japanese partnership and steps both countries can take to address security issues in the Asia-Pacific.
Urged relocation of AFRICOM Headquarters to U.S.
Congressman Forbes joined 17 other Members of Congress in writing
a letter
to Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel to urge him to move Africa Commands headquarters to the U.S. According to both the Department of Defense and Government Accountability Office, moving AFRICOM to the U.S. from Germany would save approximately $60 to $70 million annually and could create up to 4,300 American jobs. Congressman Forbes continues to work with Congress and government agencies to find effective, economical ways of maintaining Americas global reach.
Co-Chaired joint hearing on Chinese threats to U.S. space assets.
Congressman Forbes co-chaired a
joint Seapower and Strategic Forces hearing
on rising challenges to Americas use of space. Three prominent scholars briefed the members of the subcommittees on technological developments in China that threaten peaceful use of space, and the panelists discussed steps that could be taken to safeguard U.S. satellites. Access to space enhances Americas warfighting capabilities and Congressman Forbes believes we must take any challenge to our interest in space seriously.
Co-Chaired joint hearing on Chinese maritime disputes.
Congressman Forbes convened a
joint hearing
with the House Foreign Affairs Committee, on territorial disputes in the maritime areas surrounding China. A panel of experts discussed Chinas naval modernization and growing assertiveness in its Near Seas and highlighted the challenges recent provocations pose to U.S. interests in the Asia-Pacific.
Congressman Forbes continues working with Congress and U.S. partners to find ways to maintain stability in the Asia-Pacific.
Met with the Acting Maritime Administrator about the U.S. maritime fleet.
Congressman Forbes met with acting
MARAD
Administrator Paul Jaenichen and discussed the Maritime Administrations contributions to U.S. overseas commerce and defense logistics. The Maritime Administration is part of the Department of Transportation and is responsible for both overseeing U.S. maritime commerce and maintaining strategic sealift capabilities.
Met with the President of AUSTAL USA on shipbuilding issues.
Congressman Forbes met with a delegation representing the U.S. shipbuilding industry led by Craig Perciavalle, President of AUSTAL USA. AUSTAL USA manufactures the Littoral Combat Ship and Joint-High Speed Vessel at its facility in Mobile, Alabama.
Health care
Demanded transparency from the Obama Administration.
Congressman Forbes supported the Exchange Information Disclosure Act,
H.R. 3362 , which requires the Department of Health and Human Services
to report weekly on health insurance enrollment through HealthCare.gov.
Under the measure, these weekly reports must include a detailed state-by-state breakdown of the visits made by individuals to the website, the number of individuals who create an account, the number who enroll in a qualified health plan and the number who have effectuated enrollment by paying the first months premium.
Separate data must be provided on Medicaid enrollment, including the number of individuals who become enrolled as a result of changes in eligibility stemming from the health care overhaul.
This bill passed by a vote of 259-154.
Supported Virginias first responders and emergency personnel.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act,
H.R. 3685 , to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not counted as full-time employees and are not forced to comply with the employer mandate provisions of the Affordable Care Act (ACA). The ACA imposes penalties on certain "large" employers, whether or not they offer health insurance coverage, if a full-time employee
those working 30 hours per week or more
receives a premium tax credit toward a plan offered through an exchange.
Continued efforts to protect seniors and provide clarity for medical centers.
Congressman Forbes continued his work to provide a better understanding of the new guidance set forth by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), which instituted a two-midnight rule that alters the structure for which treatments under Medicare are reimbursed.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored
H.R.3698 , to delay the two-midnight rule until October 1, 2014, ensuring time for full compliance and also requesting CMS to issue an alternative policy solution to the rule.
Worked to streamline home health certification.
New rules issued under the Affordable Care Act mandate that a home health patient must have a face-to-face encounter with a physician or certain non-physician practitioners within a certain period of time prior to the start of care. The physician or a non-physician practitioner can provide the face-to-face encounter, but the physician must complete the certification for care.
Further, the home health patient is then required to have a face-to-face recertification in order for home care to continue every 60 days.
In response, Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Home Healthcare Planning and Improvement Act,
H.R. 2504 , to allow a non-physician practitioner to provide the certification (or recertification) and enable Medicare to pay a reduced rate for the non-physician practitioner certification in comparison to the physician payment (85 percent of the physician payment rate).
Highlighted the importance of rural hospitals and health centers.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored a resolution,
H. Res 356 , recognizing that access to hospitals and other health care providers for patients in rural areas is essential to the survival and success of communities in the United States.
Agriculture
Provided stability to Virginias farmers and agriculture community.
Congressman Forbes supported the conference report,
H.R. 2642 , a bi-partisan, five-year reauthorization of the farm bill.
The bill strengthens crop insurance and establishes two new market based commodity support programs that protect farmers, while repealing nearly 100 duplicative and outdated programs and authorizations.
The bill strengthens conservation efforts and maintains food assistance for families.
This bill passed by a vote of 251-166.
Family Values
Supported permanent pro-life policies for the use of federal funds.
Congressman Forbes supported the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act,
H.R. 7 ,
which makes permanent restrictions on the federal funding of abortions that are currently reenacted annually.
It also incorporates provisions of the Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act (H.R. 3279) that will provide full disclosure and transparency of abortion coverage to consumers who are shopping for health insurance plans on the exchanges.
This bill passed by a vote of 227 to 188.
Appropriations
Funded the government for FY14.
Congressman Forbes supported the Consolidated Appropriations Act,
H.R. 3547 , which contains all twelve regular appropriations bills, and funds the government for the remainder of Fiscal Year 2014, through September 30, 2014.
This bill passed by a vote of 359-67.
Transportation
Reduced regulations and streamlined reporting in the transportation industry.
Congressman Forbes supported
H.R.724 , which eliminates redundant EPA requirements on automotive dealers.
He also supported the Transportation Reports Elimination Act,
H.R. 3628 , to eliminate, consolidate and modify 27 congressionally mandated reports dealing with federal transportation and infrastructure issues, requiring that 11 of those reports be provided electronically rather than in paper format.
These bills passed by votes of 405-0 and
406-0 respectively.
Environment and Natural Resources
Commemorated the work of the Peace Corps.
Congressman Forbes supported
S. 230
to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia to honor the formation of the Peace Corps and its mission and ideals.
This bill passed by a vote of 387-7.
Reauthorized the national poison control hotline.
Representative Forbes supported
the Poison Center Network Act,
H.R. 3527 , to reauthorize the national toll-free Poison Control Network phone number, national media campaign and grant program for poison control centers through FY 2019.
This bill passed by a vote of 388-18.
Expanded states role in hazardous waste cleanup efforts.
Congressman Forbes supported the Reducing Excessive Deadline Obligations Act,
H.R. 2279 , which expands the role of states in the Superfund hazardous-waste cleanup program, allowing states to add potential cleanup sites to the National Priorities List (NPL) and requires the approval of states for the EPA to add sites to the priority list.
The bill also requires the EPA to review and revise arbitrary regulations that maintain three-year reporting requirements of these sites, regardless of whether a report is necessary.
This bill passed by a vote of 225-188.
About Washington Update
Washington Update serves as a resource to the constituents of the Fourth Congressional District of Virginia on the work of Congressman Forbes. It is published weekly while Congress is in session. Hyperlinks to bill information are provided if the information disseminated by the House of Representatives is available at the time of distribution.
As always, Congressman Forbes welcomes your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://randyforbes.house.gov
to send an e-mail or call any of Congressman Forbes' three district offices.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here