
Feb
14
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
Here's some good news from Washington: Congress this week approved legislation that restores military retirement benefits that had been unfairly cut in a budget deal I opposed right before Christmas.
Since December, I've led the fight to repeal these cuts, which never should have been passed in the first place. With the support of New Hampshire veteran and military service organizations, I put forth several proposals to do so - including the
Honor Our Promise Act , which would have paid for a full repeal of military pension cuts by preventing tax fraud.
While I remain concerned that service members who recently joined continue to face future benefit cuts, the legislation passed by Congress this week takes an important step to right a wrong.
Please see below for more about my efforts on this issue.
As you know, the Senate also voted this week on legislation to increase the debt ceiling.
The nation's debt ceiling is like a person's credit card limit: when you've maxed out your card, it's a sure sign that you're spending beyond your means and need to find ways to cut back.
When I first ran for the Senate, I made clear that when we raise the debt limit, Congress owes it to the American people - and especially our children - to address the underlying drivers of our debt.
Over the course of the last three decades, almost every major deficit reduction law has been part of a debt limit debate - including the bipartisan 1985 Gramm-Rudman-Hollings spending reform legislation, led by New Hampshire Senator Warren Rudman, which was attached to a debt limit measure.
Unfortunately, the debt limit legislation that passed Congress last week did absolutely nothing to address our $17 trillion debt. This was a lost opportunity to work together to address - or at a minimum, debate - our nation's serious fiscal problems, and that's why I voted no.
With the potential for more winter weather heading to the region, I hope you and your family stay safe this weekend. Please read on for news and updates from my office!
Ayotte Efforts Result in Restoration of Benefits for Current Military Retirees
Having led the fight in Washington against unfair cuts to military retirees' pensions, Senator Ayotte voted this week to approve legislation that restores military retirement benefits for current military retirees and protects service members who enlisted before January 1, 2014. The legislation was approved by a vote of 95 to 3.
With the strong support of veteran and military service organizations in New Hampshire, Ayotte was the only member of New Hampshire's congressional delegation to vote against the budget deal in December that unfairly singled out military retirees - including disabled veterans who retire because of their injuries - for $6 billion in benefit cuts. Ayotte noted at the time that the bill targeted retired and active duty service members, but protected existing federal civilian workers from an increase in pension contributions - resulting in a deal that lacked "shared sacrifice." She vowed to do everything in her power to restore military retirement benefits, and she introduced several pieces of legislation to do so. Her most recent bill, the Honor Our Promise Act, would have fully repealed the military pension cuts - paid for by preventing tax fraud.
"Military retirees shouldn't have been singled out for cuts in the first place, and this bill takes an important step to right a wrong," said Senator Ayotte. "I remain concerned that service members who recently joined are facing future benefit cuts even as Congress awaits the findings of a panel it commissioned to make recommendations on military compensation. Our brave military members put their lives on the line for our country, and I will continue my efforts to ensure they're not singled out for unfair benefit cuts."
Paul Chevalier, USMC (Ret.), of Hudson, past state commander of the VFW, said: "It was a mistake for Congress to target military retirees in the budget agreement, and no one has worked harder to repeal these unfair cuts than Senator Ayotte - who fought them from day one. She has been the driving force behind congressional action to address this issue, putting forth her own proposal that would have fully repealed these cuts. The VFW is grateful for Senator Ayotte's tireless efforts to protect military retirees and for standing with New Hampshire veterans every step of the way."
Read more praise for Senator Ayotte's efforts .
Ayotte, Shaheen Meet With Federal Officials to Discuss Fishery Relief for New England
As part of their ongoing efforts to protect New Hampshire's fishing industry, Senator Ayotte and Senator Shaheen met this week with National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) officials to discuss disaster relief for fisheries.
Ayotte and Shaheen were joined by Senators from coastal New England states at the meeting with NOAA Administrator Kathy Sullivan and NOAA Fisheries Director Eileen Sobeck.
"The disaster funds included in the recent appropriations bill will provide some short-term relief to New Hampshire fishermen, and I was glad to speak with NOAA officials today about the need to ensure assistance gets to those who need it most," said Ayotte, a member of the Senate Commerce Committee. "Our small-boat fleet also needs relief from onerous federal regulations that are driving New Hampshire's fishing industry to near extinction, and I will continue to urge federal officials to work toward a more sensible regulatory climate that will allow our fishermen to survive in the long-term."
CBO Director to Ayotte: Obamacare Subsidies Are Disincentive to Move Up Career Ladder
During a Senate Budget Committee hearing this week, Senator Ayotte questioned the director of the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO), Dr. Douglas Elmendorf, about predictions made in last week's CBO report that Obamacare would negatively impact the labor market and could reduce incentives for workers to move up the career ladder.
Ayotte asked Director Elmendorf about the effect of subsidies provided under the health care law and whether they could result in lower-wage workers passing up opportunities to increase their work hours or earn higher wages.
She asked, "...are you worried at all that the incentives could have discouragement also on upward mobility because if there's a relationship between the amount of subsidy that you receive and whether or not you will continue working or perhaps seek higher employment, could that become a discouragement to upward mobility? In other words, do I take that promotion or don't I for lower wage workers? We want to encourage more upward mobility.
Director Elmendorf replied, "Yes Senator, I think the provision of the Affordable Care Act that we studied reduced the incentive to provide more labor, and that can be reducing incentive to work more hours, or reducing the incentive to work harder in those hours, or to do other things that would advance one's labor earnings.
Photos of the Week: Stewart Yeaton, Pollyann Winslow and the Alliance for Headache Disorders
Senator Ayotte met this week with Stewart Yeaton of Epsom who has been appointed to the Farm Bureau's National Dairy Committee.
Senator Ayotte also met this week with Pollyann Winslow of Londonderry to discuss the EACH Act, a bipartisan bill she introduced that would allow additional religious exemptions to the health care law.
Senator Ayotte met this week with Mary Jane Markins, Lee Markins, Judy Brown and Kathleen Paquette -- New Hampshire members of the Alliance for Headache Disorders.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
