
Dear Friend:
Happy Valentines Day! It is holidays
like today that present an opportunity to reflect
on the gratitude I feel for all of you and the
wonderful state Im honored to
represent.
And I know Im not alone in the lack of
love towards much of whats going on in our
nations capital these days.
Below are two key events from this last week
that I thought you may be interested in:
Another ObamaCare Delay
Monday evening, the Obama Administration
announced yet another delay to the
Presidents health law. However, instead of
delaying the full law as many Utahns and
Americans everywhere have asked, this delay would
only put off enforcement of the employer mandate
for medium and large employers. This is the
second time the employer mandate has been delayed
for medium and large employers. This week I heard
from many Utahns asking why Obamacare cant
be delayed for them, and thats a great
question.
Make no mistake about it
this latest
delay is another indication that Obamacare is a
disaster and needs to go. The delay of the
employer mandate is politics pure and simple. The
Obama Administration thought up this delay to
protect those who backed this law in the first
place. Whats right and fair to everyone in
America is to repeal ObamaCare and start over,
and you have my commitment to continue to do
that.
IRS Rule Changes
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) proposed a
new set of regulations recently that would
fundamentally alter the position of activities
that tax exempt 501(c)(4) organizations
or social welfare groups
can engage in.
These organizations are able to participate in
political activities on a limited basis so long
as their primary activity is the promotion of
social welfare. They are free to educate the
public on important issues since it falls within
promoting social welfare.
These new IRS regulations are designed to
crack down on the activities of ALL 501(c)(4)
organizations
Republican and Democrat,
large and small. This is an affront to free
speech and the right for all Americans everywhere
to participate in the democratic process and it
needs to be addressed.
So this week, along with my colleagues Jeff
Flake (R-Ariz.) and Pat Roberts (R-Kan.) to
announce the Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs
by the IRS Act. Our legislation will prevent the
U.S. Department of Treasury and the Internal
Revenue Service (IRS) from implementing this
proposed rule that would significantly limit
501(c)(4) tax-exempt organization activities and
restrict the First Amendment rights of
Americans.
The fact of the matter is these proposed
regulations demonstrate that the IRS is willing
and able to carry the Presidents political
water, even when the agency is, by law, supposed
to be independent and non-partisan. Thats
why this legislation we introduced is so
important. We need to send a message to the
administration that it cant tamper with
the rules of free speech just because it
doesnt like whats being said.
We need to call this what it is. This is an
affront to free speech and the right of all
American citizens to participate in the
democratic process. This is an attempt by the
Obama Administration to further marginalize its
critics and keep them on the sidelines. It is a
blatant effort to continue the harassment and
intimidation that has already been taking place
at the IRS over the last few years.
If you would like to read a speech I made on
this issue, please click
here.
I hope this information is helpful. As always,
please do not hesitate to contact me to share
your thoughts on these or any other issues
important to you.
Sincerely,
Orrin Hatch
Home
|
Contact
Us
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Senator Orrin Hatch
104 Hart Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5251
Fax: (202) 224-6331