
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
February 02, 2014
Dear Friend,
This week, much of the second district was covered in a
beautiful blanket of snow. As the snow began falling in North Carolina
Tuesday night, the president headed to Capitol Hill to try and explain
away the failures of his legislative agenda during his annual State
of the Union address.
Even more disturbing than his attempt
to rewrite the story of his policy failures, is the president's
determination to bypass Congress and force his policies on the American
people. Instead of encouraging the Senate to take up the dozens of
jobs bills House Republicans have passed, the president instead is
pursuing policies that punish success and reward dependence. His speech
made no mention of the Keystone XL pipeline, for example, a project that
would create thousands of jobs that Americans desperately
need.
While North Carolina is experiencing success as a result of
economic reforms the state government has enacted, the entire country is
still struggling under the burden of federal regulationObamacare
serving as the prime example. The American people must not be fooled by
the president's State of the Union applause lines, which included
numerous "overstatements and cherry-picked numbers," according to
Factcheck.org .
As Congresswoman Cathy
McMorris Rodgers said in the
GOPs State of the Union
address , Republicans believe in a government that trusts the
people. We believe health care choices should be yoursnot the
governments.
Additional thoughts on the State of the Union
address can be found in my response below, along with links to interviews I
gave following the president's speech. Please let me know what you
thought of the president's speech by answering my weekly survey at the
end of this newsletter.
In last week's newsletter, I
applauded those who participated in the March for Life and assured you I
would continue to fight for the sanctity of life. This week, I supported
the fight by voting in favor of H.R. 7, which prohibits the use of
federal funding for abortions.
I'm honored to represent the
second district of North Carolina and will continue to work to advance
policies that promote economic growth and protect your values. Please
share this information with your friends and contact my office if we can
be of assistance to you.
My
Response to the State of the Union
The following is an excerpt
from my statement that we released following President Obama's State
of the Union address:
"After five years of failed
leadership and empty rhetoric, Americans witnessed more of the same this
evening in the president's State of the Union address. Throughout his
remarks, President Obama focused on what could be the underlying theme
of his presidency: that we must spend more, expect less and blame
others for our failures."
"Once again, I am
disappointed to see that after the constant failures of his legislative
initiatives, the president is now declaring that he will instead bypass
Congress to force his policies on every American whenever he can. Simply put,
the president is conceding that he cannot
lead."
"No individual is above the law, and one would think a professor of
Constitutional law would know that. This disconnect from the principles
of divided government only reinforces his determination to divide the
American people by punishing success and rewarding dependence. One
needs to look no further than Obamacare - his signature health law - to
see the effects of this failed
ideology."
...
"We have so much to do and the American people are depending on us to
be their voice and the stewards of their government. I'm honored to
be that voice for the second district of North Carolina and will not
rest until a more prosperous and free America is protected for their
future."
Click here
to see my full
statement regarding the presidents State of the Union address. Links
to some of the interviews I did following the president's address can
be found below under the "In the News" section.
Carolina
Comeback
I released this statement after the Department of
Commerce announced a 2.6 percent drop in North Carolinas
unemployment. This is down from the 9.5 percent unemployment rate in December of
2012:
"North Carolina is witnessing an economic comeback
- and this is no accident. Over the past year, North Carolina has
seen its unemployment rate drop over two points from 9.5 percent to 6.9
percent. This comes after North Carolina declined to extend federal
unemployment benefits for nearly 70,000 people in July. In the three
months following this decision, civilian employment in our state rose by
39,400..."
The success of Republican economic policies
in North Carolina is
no
accident , as noted by Wells Fargo Securities economist Mark
Vitner in the Charlotte Observer last month:
In July, North
Carolina decided to end the extension of federally-funded unemployment
benefita move that ended unemployment insurance payments for more
than 70,000 North Carolinians. Economic literature, Vitner wrote, has
suggested that such benefits have two impacts on the labor force: they
raise the required wage for someone to take a job, and they keep people
seeking jobs because its a requirement of receiving benefits.
**I made adjustments to this paragraph, but realized that you may have
pulled it directly from the Charlotte Observer article. If so, I
apologize and please change it back. If it is pulled from the Char
Observer, we may want to add quotations around this paragraph to emphasize
that we didnt write it.**
In his study, Vitner found
evidence that job seekers who used their benefits took jobs because the
civilian employment in the state rose by 39,400 over the past three
months.
A cursory review ... suggests the employment effect has
been more powerful, as civilian employment has reversed an earlier
downward slide, Vitner wrote in the report.
You can find my full
statement regarding North Carolina's economic comeback at
Ellmers.house.gov .
Click here
for a full report on the
December unemployment report, courtesy of the North Carolina Department of
Commerce.
Second District Snapshot
In spite of
the winter storm that came through this week, my district office in
Dunn (pictured above) and my district office in Asheboro remained open
for constituents.
In the News
Ellmers Reacts to State of the
Union
News 14 Carolina
Congresswoman Renee Ellmers said she
was disappointed in the president's state of the union address. The
second district republican said she's concerned about his plan to expand
his use of executive orders. She says this is an admission on his part
that he is not able to lead.
Post State of the Union Reaction
NBC 17
WNCN
North Carolina Congresswoman Renee Ellmers reacting to the
president saying he would bypass Congress if he needed to get it passed.
"I'm very concerned with his stance on national defense. I was really
concerned with his discussion of Iran and the sanctions and how he will
take his executive order any time he sees that he is not going to get
his way. What that translates to me is that the president is
acknowledging his lack of leadership and inability to work with the federal
government -- work with us!"
NC
politicians react to Obamas speech
Raleigh News
&amp; Observer
After five years of failed leadership and
empty rhetoric, Americans witnessed more of the same this evening in the
presidents State of the Union address. Throughout his remarks,
President Obama focused on what could be the underlying theme of his
presidency: that we must spend more, expect less and blame others for our
failures.
Our state is starting to see the rewards of making prudent
decisions for growing a healthy economy. Gov. Pat McCrory and the
General Assembly have instituted important economic reforms that have led
to the successes we are witnessing today. Its time Washington learns
the same lesson. U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers R-Dunn.
Rep. Renee Ellmers on S.O.T.U.
Address
WPTF.com
Congresswoman Renee Ellmers talks to Bill
LuMaye about the president's State of the Union address.
NC jobless rate falls to 6.9
percent
Raleigh News &amp; Observer
U.S. Rep. Renee
Ellmers of Dunn cheered the drop in joblessness as a vindication of the
states decision to cut off unemployment checks to more than 70,000
North Carolina residents last summer. Some economists believe that
unemployment benefits can reduce ones incentive to find work, prolonging
joblessness, or encourage those on government assistance to hold out
for better jobs.
Ellmers, Renacci
respond to Moodys health sector
downgrade
Ripon Advance
Reps. Renee Ellmers (R-N.C.) and Jim Renacci
(R-Ohio) both said Moodys downgrade proved that the ACA has hurt the
economy and brought unstability to the health sector. Moodys cited the
hesitancy of younger people to enroll in health plans and the troubled
rollout of the healthcare law as two of the reasons for the downgrade.
Each and every day since the law has been implemented, a domino
effect of canceled plans, layoffs, soaring premiums and lost coverage has
translated into a nightmare for the American people, Ellmers
said.
Health Insurer Outlook Downgraded
by Moodys, Citing Exchanges Older
Enrollees
Congressional Quarterly
Republican Renee Ellmers of North
Carolina said the overhaul must immediately be repealed and
replaced.This morning, Moodys verified something we have warned about for years:
that Americas health care system is facing imminent danger due to
Obamacare, she said in a statement.
Weekly Survey Did you watch the
president's State of the Union Address? Yes No Did you
generally agree or disagree with the president's proposals in the State of the
Union Address? Agree Disagree Not sure *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here.
On Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the
"Like" button
on my Facebook page
today!
On Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to
join the conversation on Twitter.
On YouTube
Please subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you won't
miss great video from the Washington and the Second
District.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
Washington,
DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax:
(202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad
Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite
101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 