DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Another Obamacare Delay Adds to Deficits
This week, the Obama administration announced a further delay of the employer mandate to purchase insurance contained in Obamacare. Businesses with between 50 and 99 employees will not be required to provide insurance until January 2016. The rules also require larger businesses to cover only some of their employees by the January 2015 deadline. The Affordable Care Act required businesses with more than 50 full time employees to provide health care by January 1, 2014. Obamacare just keeps changing to meet the political needs of this administration. Theres no legal authority for further delay and no authority to create another category of employers. This just adds to the legal chaos that is making it hard for employers to grow their business and expand hiring. Read the New York Times list of delays in Obamacare over the last year
HERE .
Bills to Replace Cuts to Military Pension Heads to President
On Tuesday, the House passed S. 25, a bill to replace recent cuts in military pensions with other spending reductions. The recent budget agreement included a reduction in the cost of living adjustment for military retirees under the age of 62. There was great concern that these cuts broke faith with members of military who had already planned for future income. Additionally, this bill sets aside funds to help replace Medicares Sustainable Growth Rate cuts to reimbursements to doctors.
We Need to Stop Putting Off our Fiscal Problems for Another Day
This week, I opposed the bill that suspended the debt limit until March of 2015. I cannot support any more increases to our nations debt without taking steps to move us back to balanced budgets. I voted against the bill because it did nothing to fix our long-term financial problems. We just cant keep passing the buck onto future generations. If we dont act soon, a future Congress is going to raise the debt limit and find that no one wants to lend us anymore money. Without a plan to pay our bills, we risk financial ruin. The President and Senate Democrats have never put forward a plan to balance the budget, and said they would not accept any other measure tacked onto the debt limit increase. I believe the House should have acted in a more responsible measure and proposed an alternative.
Honoring the Freedom Riders
As we mark Black History Month this year, Ive joined an effort to honor the Freedom Riders who bravely fought segregation more than 50 years ago. My colleague John Lewis was among the first of these men and women who had the courage to expose prejudice in the interstate bus system. Their peaceful protest was met with extreme violence and hundreds were unjustly imprisoned for their stand. Despite the resistance, the Freedom Rider movement grew and greatly contributed to the end of Jim Crow laws across the country. It is only right that we honor them with the Congressional Gold Medal.
Op-ed of the Week: Preventing Drug Shortages
It has been a rough winter in many ways. Tons of snow and ice, widespread power outages and a worse than typical flu season. While the flu vaccine has helped keep many people from falling ill, it isnt 100 percent effective and many Americans still dont get their shot before the season starts. READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Preventing Drug Shortages
Rep. Pitts opens up a Health Subcommittee hearing to investigate the problem of drug shortages and legislation meant to prevent them.
Obamacare Needs to be More Transparent
Rep. Pitts opens up debate on legislation to make Obamacare website data more transparent.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here