
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
This week we heard the President deliver his 2014 State of the Union address. My speech
expectations
were all about being realistic: how can we move forward on shared, attainable goals? I was particularly interested in hearing the President discuss ways to move the country&rsquo;s manufacturing and natural gas sectors forward and I was pleased to hear his support for our
RAMI manufacturing bill
and that the President wants to advance the safe extraction of natural gas in order to create jobs, improve transportation and infrastructure. Unfortunately, the President failed to address the rising premiums, cancelled health insurance policies and cut wages as a result of Obamacare. I was expecting to hear more from the President on ways to lessen the blow and help families and businesses struggling under Obamacare. What did you think? Take a look at our
Facebook page
where the conversation continues.
Gathered with some of my Upstate New York colleagues before heading over to the Capitol for the State of the Union address. Here with my fellow New York Reps. Sean Patrick Maloney, Bill Owens, Chris Gibson, Chris Collins and Louise Slaughter.
VIDEO: Reed Manufacturing Bill Included in State of the Union
Our manufacturing bill was highlighted in the President&rsquo;s speech as he pledged support for the initiative in expanding American manufacturing and getting more Americans back to work in high-tech jobs. We introduced the
Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation Act
with Rep. Joe Kennedy (D-MA) last summer to create a network of manufacturing institutes across the country. Read the President&rsquo;s comments on the bill
here .
Farm Bill Expected to Help Local Farmers
Wednesday the House passed a long awaited, five year Farm Bill to authorize farm programs for the 23 rd
district. The bill is well-suited for the needs of the Southern Tier and Finger Lakes, with increased support for the Specialty Crop Research Initiative, expanded access to crop insurance to protect farmers against weather and natural disasters and important reforms to dairy programs to ensure support for their industry. Thanks in no small part to the input from local farmers we now have a bipartisan bill that cares for the needs of our farmers &ndash; the backbone of our economy. Click
here
to see what local farmers had to say about the bill.
Rep. Reed Hopes New Research Funding Leads to Breakthroughs
Increased support for the National Institutes of Health (NIH) will advance research funding, like the important
research being done at Cornell
and I was pleased to see NIH funding increased by $1.2 billion this year.
Cornell is on the cutting edge of research that will lead to cures and lifesaving treatments to diseases and illnesses &ndash; it&rsquo;s important we stand strong to advance that type of research. It&rsquo;s a clear priority for our region and our country.
REED: EMPLOYEES SEEING REDUCED HOURS, LOWER WAGES UNDER OBAMACARE&rsquo;S 30-HOUR RULE
The Ways and Means Committee held a
hearing
this week on the impact Obamacare&rsquo;s employer mandate is having on employees&rsquo; hours and wages. For the first time in history, Obamacare defines a full-time employee as working 30 hours per week, as opposed to the 40-hour week that has been widely accepted for decades. As a result, employers are reducing hours and employees are taking home smaller paychecks.
We continue to receive stories of employers and employees being hurt by the law&rsquo;s mandates and brought one of those stories into the hearing room from a small business owner in Jamestown struggling to keep his restaurant afloat while doing the best he can for his 120 employees &ndash; watch a clip from the Ways and Means Committee hearing with Victor&rsquo;s story
here .
Thank you to everyone who attended our senior resource event in Seneca County last week. We gathered Social Security, Medicare and Veterans Administration experts to help seniors and their families answer questions under the same roof. Before the event, we shared lunch and conversation with local seniors at the Seneca County Office for the Aging in Waterloo &ndash; looking forward to holding more of these events.
We&rsquo;ll have four more
town halls on February 8 th
in Allegany, Cattaraugus and Chautauqua counties. Please join us if you can &ndash; or
stop by, email or call
one of our offices to add your voice.
Best,
Tom
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
