
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
January 26, 2014
Around the District: Kansas
Statehouse :
On Tuesday, I visited the
Kansas
Statehouse in Topeka
to get a behind-the-scenes tour
of the renovations with Jeff Russell, head of legislative research for
the State Capitol.
The restorations have made our historic
Capitol building unlike any other in the country. New additions, such as
the Visitors Centerwhich includes a number of amenities like an
auditorium and classrooms for visiting schoolswill draw in tourism from all
over the country. I especially enjoyed walking through the Kansas
History Museum, which houses historical artifacts and shares stories of
Kansas legends, like abolitionist John Brown. I encourage you all to
visit your Statehouse, and enjoy a day of Kansas history and culture with
your families.Watch WBIWs report,
here .
Jenkins with head of
Legislative Research Jeff
Russel l
Around the District: Childrens Discovery
Center:
I also visited the
Kansas Childrens
Discovery Center in Topeka , which provides a hands-on educational
environment for children in the community. Directors Joanne Morrell and
Carolyn Chinn-Lewis showed me a number of the programs the center
provides to foster interaction and creativity amongst kids. As a CPA, I
especially enjoyed the lessons being taught in Moneyville. Children in
Moneyville were sitting down for an interactive lesson in financial
literacy, teaching them the concepts of financing vs. paying for a
purchase up front, the use of credit, and the impact of inflation.
Alternative learning spaces are a growing trend around the country, and I am
glad to see these centers in our Kansas communities.
Kansas Children's Discovery Center, Topeka
Around the
District: Eudora High School:
I also traveled to the
home of the Eudora Cardinals, and spoke to the government students.
We discussed everything from tax reform to the importance of pursuing
what you love in life when choosing a profession. I also got to meet
with students in their culinary arts program at the high school. These
bright students were truly thought-provoking and I left very impressed.
I cannot wait to see what they accomplish in their future. Thank you
to Principal G.A. Buie for letting me visit!
Jenkins speaks with seniors at
Eudora High School
Around the District: University of Kansas Center for
Environmentally Beneficial Catalysis (CEBC):
It
was also an honor to join University of Kansas Chancellor Bernadette
Gray-Little on a tour of the University of Kansass Center for
Environmentally Beneficial Catalysis. Professor Bala Subramaniam showed us the
work being done to develop energy-efficient chemical manufacturing
technology. CEBC's new technologies have the potential to create a
stronger manufacturing industry in Kansas and bring a number of jobs to our
local communities.
Watch Lawrence Channel 6 Coverage of the tour
here :
Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act
This
week, I wrote an
article in the Lawrence
Journal-World
to underscore an important, life-saving bill that passed the
House of Representatives last month. The Gabriella Miller Kids Research
First Act passed with bi-partisan support, and currently awaits action
by the Senate. This legislation was named after a brave 10 year old
girl, named Gabriella Miller, who lost her battle to cancer in October
2013. After being diagnosed with a terminal brain tumor at the age of
9, Gabriella set out on a missiongathering support letters, giving
speeches and making videosto raise awareness for pediatric research and
support other kids suffering with cancer.
Gabriella asked us
to stop talking and start doing. We want to honor Gabriellas
legacy by doing and help to find cures for brave kids like her. I encourage
the Senate to pass this legislation, and release funds that will go
to pediatric research initiatives already underway at institutions like
the Universityof Kansas Medical Center.
Benedictine Students lead DC March for Life:
This
Wednesday marked the 41 st
anniversary of the Roe V. Wade U.S.
Supreme Court ruling. I am very proud of over 400 students from
Benedictine College who braved the winter weather and lead over half a million
people in the March for Life in Washington. The students traveled over
1100 miles all the way from Atchison, to guide the way in the DC march
that concluded with a group prayer at the Supreme Court steps.
As a mother of two I want to thank all of the young participants who
traveled across the country to show their passion and dedication for
the cause.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001
N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS
66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS
66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone:
(620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620)
231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
