DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
OK-04 District Update | February 5, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
The first month of this year has already flown by. With a busy spring ahead, I wanted to provide a quick update on some of my recent visits across the district and legislative work in Congress.
Congress Fully Funds Government for Fiscal Year 2014
Since 2009, the federal government has depended on short-term funding agreements, rather than passing a long-term budget plan. This past December, I served on a bipartisan joint budget conference to help negotiate a long-term budget agreement. Led by House Chairman Paul Ryan and Senate Chairman Patty Murray, the conference announced a long-term budget deal in mid-December. The Bipartisan Budget Act passed both chambers with strong bipartisan support, was signed into law by the president and set funding levels for the next two fiscal years.
After passage, the House and Senate Appropriations Committees then used the terms laid out in the budget deal as a guide for crafting 12 appropriations bills to fund the federal government. In early January, House Chairman Hal Rogers and Senate Chairwoman Barbara Mikulski announced the completion of a bipartisan omnibus, comprised of these 12 appropriations bills. Following the $1.012 trillion funding level set for fiscal year 2014, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2014 fully funds the government through September.
Like many of my colleagues, I agree that this spending bill isnt perfect, but I also realize that it begins to break the dangerous habit of living crisis to crisis. While there is certainly more work to be done, the omnibus sets real priorities, controls spending and reasserts congressional authority over the appropriations process far more effectively than another continuing resolution ever could.
To read my extended thoughts on the omnibus, click
here .
To watch my remarks on the House Floor, click
here .
ECU Offers Career Day for Eighth Graders
While I was traveling around the Fourth District last month, I had the privilege of stopping by East Central University for Career Discovery Day. Attended by nearly 500 eighth grade students who had completed career assessments, the event offered valuable information to students about various career paths and the skills necessary to succeed. Joining former Oklahoma First Lady Kim Henry, State Senator Susan Paddack, State Representative Todd Thomsen and ECU President John Hargrave, I was honored to speak to the students for a little while. These students are the state and countrys next generation of leaders, entrepreneurs, doctors and teachers, and it is important to invest in their success, foster their goals and open them up to a bright future.
President Delivers Annual State of the Union Address
Throughout President Obamas administration, he has had difficulty working with Congress. Now five years into his presidency, the nation watched last month as the president delivered the annual State of the Union address, attempting to inspire unity and promising a Year of Action with or without Congress. To get things done in divided government, however, the president must set goals that unite Democrats and Republicans.
He started off by claiming success through the lowest unemployment rate in over five years, but he failed to acknowledge that our country is actually suffering the weakest recovery since World War II. While some jobs have been created, others have been lost and many individuals have given up even trying to find work. In fact, according to the U.S. Department of Labor, the nation saw the lowest workforce participation rate reported since March 1978 during October and December. To put it in perspective, during this Administration, nearly 11.3 million adults have left the workforce and total employment has grown by just 2.4 million; this means that more people are leaving the job market than entering it.
These statistics alone should drive the president to offer regulatory relief, reform entitlements and put the country on fiscally firm footing that allows job creators and workers to thrive. Instead, he continues to rely on rhetoric filled with lofty ambitions that would either add to the more than $17 trillion national debt level or require higher taxes to cover federal spending. Considering that the president has already added more than $6.5 trillion to the national debt, new programs without a pay-for or corresponding cut to spending is unacceptable regardless of the programs worth. Whether an idea or program is worthwhile is not the question we should ask. The only question worth considering in light of our economic situation is: Can we afford it?
While his rhetoric tried to suggest otherwise, the president has already proved more inclined to fight Congress than work with it to find solutions that will improve the employment situation and heal our economy. In the coming days, especially with the expiring debt ceiling, the president has a real opportunity to move past rhetoric and into actual conversation and cooperation with lawmakers.
To read my extended thoughts on the presidents State of the Union Address, click
here .
To watch my video response to the presidents speech, click
here .
Te Atas Legacy Continues
While I was traveling in Oklahoma last month, I was honored to visit the recently-unveiled statue of my great-aunt and famed Native American performer, Te Ata. Beautifully made by artist Jon Hair, the remarkable bronze statue was installed at the University of Science and Arts of Oklahoma. The work of art is not only a wonderful representation of Te Atas passion and talent, but also serves as a reminder of Oklahomas rich Native American heritage.
Te Ata was a gem in the Chickasaw Nation, and her memory and influence continue to inspire Native Americans across the country. Her influence in the arts began at USAO, so I am grateful to the university for this special homage to her legacy.
Thank you to USAO President John Feaver for commissioning the committee that made the statue a reality and to the statewide support from many individuals and groups, including the Chickasaw Nation.
Pediatric Research Legislation Gains Momentum in Senate
House Majority Leader Eric Cantor recently announced that Senators Tim Kaine (VA), Mark Warner (VA) and Orrin Hatch (UT) will provide support for the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act. As an original co-sponsor, I was very pleased when this bill, which redirects taxpayer dollars from political party conventions to pediatric disease research, passed the House with strong bipartisan support last year.
As a former chief of staff at the Republican National Committee, I know firsthand that political party conventions can be funded easily by private sources alone, rather than using hardworking taxpayer dollars. This bill moves taxpayer dollars currently used for political party conventions to instead further research and find cures for pediatric diseases like cancer and autism. Rightly so, this bill puts children before politics, and I look forward to its passage in both chambers.
To watch my floor speech in support of H.R. 2019, click
here .
What Im Reading
As an eternal learner, I am constantly reading. At the start of every month, I invite you to join me in reading a selection of my favorite books or follow along with my current reading list. My book list will be posted to the website and archived each month
here .
See below for Februarys selection. I look forward to reading with you!
All-Time Favorites:
Watership Down
by Richard Adams
Crazy Horse and Custer: Parallel Lives of Two American Warriors
by Steven Ambrose
The First Man in Rome
by Colleen McCullough
Richard M. Nixon: A Life in Full
by Conrad Black
Inferno: The World at War, 1939-1945
by Max Hastings
Recommended Reading:
Citizens of London
by Lynne Olson
Winstons War: Churchill, 1940-1945
by Max Hastings
Lincoln: A Life of Purpose &amp; Power
by Richard Carwardine
What Im Reading:
JFKs Last Hundred Days
by Thurston Clarke
This Town
by Mark Leibovich
Duty
by Robert M. Gates
Sincerely,
Tom Cole
Member of Congress
To watch my remarks on the House Floor in support of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2014, click
here .
Along with f ormer Oklahoma First Lady Kim Henry,
State Senator Susan Paddack, State Representative Todd Thomsen and ECU
President John Hargrave, I
had the privilege of visiting with more than 500 8th graders at ECU's Career Discovery Day.
To watch my video response to the presidents speech, click
here .
My D.C. office is pleased to welcome our spring interns, Erica and Teresa. Recently, we had the chance to sit down and discuss many of the issues facing our country during "Intern Hour."
I enjoyed visiting the Walmart Distribution Center in Pauls Valley last month. Many thanks to Managers Patrick Ingram and Fernando Ortiz for the great work they are doing there.
I was honored to see the newly unveiled statue of my great-aunt and famed Native American performer, Te Ata. Beautifully made by artist Jon Hair, the remarkable bronze statue was installed at the University of Science and Arts of Oklahoma.
WHAT I'M READING:
At the start of every month, I invite you to join me in reading a selection of my favorite books or follow along with my current reading list. Click
here
for February's selection!
Washington, DC Office
2458 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6165
Fax: (202) 225-3512
Norman
2424 Springer Dr., Suite 201
Norman, OK 73069
Phone: (405) 329-6500
Fax: (405) 321-7369
Lawton
711 SW D Ave., Suite 201
Lawton, OK 73501
Phone: (580) 357-2131
Fax: (580) 357-7477
Ada
100 E. 13th St., Suite 213
Ada, OK 74820
Phone: (580) 436-5375
Phone: (580) 436-5451
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here