
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
ISSUES
SERVICES
CONTACT
January 31, 2014
Unleashing
Economic Growth
My House colleagues and I are
focused on providing solutions to unleash economic growth, rein in
Washington, and let the American people get back to work.
I will continue
to work to advance measures which allow the private sector to grow
and create the jobs for hard working Americans. Sadly, too many of these
bills languish on Harry Reid's desk.
Pure and simple,
one of the most important ways for us to create jobs is by developing
domestic energy production.
It is crucial to eliminate excessive
regulations which are preventing the enormous possibility for growth in
energy production.
Developing these new sources of energy
will produce real wealth, jobs, and energy security for the American
people.
The House has passed multiple bills to promote job
creation in the energy industry,
including:
National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act
(H.R. 761),
which removes burdensome regulation from the mining industry, prevents
abuse of litigation against mining corporations, and expedites the
extraction of critically important rare-earth and other strategic minerals;
and
Northern Route Approval Act
(H.R. 3),
which approves the Keystone pipeline, which would create thousands of
jobs, and removes regulatory obstacles which could delay its construction
for years.
The House's pro-growth agenda not only
focuses on reducing regulatory barriers to job growth, but on making
sure those seeking jobs have the opportunities and skills they need to
secure quality jobs.
Among these measures
are:
SKILLS Act
(H.R. 803), which contains several reforms to
our nation's workforce development programs, including streamlining
duplicative job training programs, eliminating federal mandates on local
governments, and permitting more flexibility for states to determine
who is eligible to provide job training services.
The legislation
also closes job training centers which are ineffective and increases
the job training focus on basic literacy and math skills;
and
Student Success Act
(H.R. 5) which, among many reforms,
consolidates more than 70 existing education programs to lessen
Washington's role in education, collapses funding into a streamlined Local
Academic Flexible Grant program to states and school districts to
support local priorities to improve student achievement, and repeals the
federal Highly Qualified Teacher requirements, and instead would allow
states and school districts to develop and implement teacher
evaluation systems locally in order to measure an educator's affect on student
learning.
If President Obama and the Senate are
serious about growing the nation's private sector and eliminating
barriers to economic growth they would support the numerous jobs measures
passed by the House which are languishing in the
Senate.
Protecting the Fourth Amendment
As
our nation engages in a much needed debate on personal privacy I would
like to take this opportunity to share with you all my thoughts on
H.R. 3361, the
Uniting and Strengthening America by Fulfilling Rights
and Ending Eavesdropping, Dragnet-collection, and Online
Monitoring
(USA FREEDOM)
Act .
This bill would end the
bulk collection of American citizens' communication records.
It
would also reform the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court in order
to increase transparency in the collection of data.
The leaks by
National Security Agency (NSA) contractor Edward Snowden have caused
great controversy over the violations of Americans' Fourth Amendment
rights and I believe we need to fight to protect them.
That is
why I am a cosponsor of the USA FREEDOM Act.
While the NSA
and other security agencies have a duty to use the tools necessary to
prevent attacks on American soil, actions taken to protect our
nation's security must not infringe on the constitutional rights of the
American people.
I want to stress that I am very sensitive to
concerns about personal privacy, especially when the entity invading a
person's privacy is the government.
We have a strong tradition of
protecting an individual's "right to be left alone" under the
Constitution.
Washington Office
1541
Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 225-6536
Fax: (202) 225-5604
Mo-Fri 8AM-5PM CT
Springfield Office
3232 E. Ridgeview St.
Springfield, MO 65804
Phone: (417)
889-1800
Fax: (417) 889-4915
Mo-Fri
8AM-5PM CT
Joplin Office
2727 E. 32nd St.
Ste. 2
Joplin, MO 64804
Phone:
(417) 781-1041
Fax: (417) 781-2832
Mo-Fri 8AM-5PM CT
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
