
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
February 28, 2014
Dear Friend,
Ive had a busy week here in Washington, where
I voted for a series of bills to help make the federal government
smaller, more transparent and more efficient. Each of these pieces of
legislation is designed to reign in federal overreach, cut down on the
number of unnecessary federal regulations and rules interfering with
small businesses and ensure that your government answers to
you.
H.R. 3865, the Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the
IRS Act, which blocks the Treasury Department and IRS from modifying
regulations concerning political activities of tax-exempt 501(c)(4)
organization for a year.
H.R. 3193, the Consumer Financial
Freedom and Washington Accountability Act, which re-establishes the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) as an independent agency
rather than part of the Federal Reserve, making it accountable to
taxpayers and to Congress.
H.R. 2804, the All Economic
Regulations are Transparent Act (ALERTT), which changes the federal
rule-making process for economic regulations to require agencies to weigh costs
and benefits and give affected third parties more opportunity to
intervene in the process.
H.R. 899, the Unfunded Mandates
Information and Transparency Act, which requires that agencies
determine whether or not proposed rules will impose unfunded mandates for the
private sector or state and local governments before implementing new
rules.
You may have seen the editorial I penned
with State Sen. Andy Vidak this week
in the Sacramento
Bee on Californias high-speed rail project . Its time to take the
project back to the voters. It is evident that California taxpayers
can no longer rely on Sacramento or Washington to faithfully execute
this project. That is why I have introduced legislation on the federal
level, H.R. 3893, to prevent further endangerment of taxpayer funds, and
Sen. Vidak has introduced legislation at the state level, Senate Bill
901, to put high-speed rail back on the ballot.
I
presided over a
hearing on Oversight of Passenger and
Freight Rail Safety
on Wednesday. 2012 was the safest year on
record for moving people and products by railroad. However, even one
incident is too many. This weeks hearing was long-planned and is just one
step we are taking. We will continue to do everything in our power to
prevent future accidents. Millions of people and products move using
our nations rail systems each year, so safety for everyone involved is
our top priority.
As many of you know, immigration
reform is an issue I am working closely on, and as always, your feedback is
important to me. I launched a poll this week to ask for more of your
views. What do you think are the biggest challenges within our current
immigration system? What kind of reform do you think we need? How can
we ensure our border is secure? What should we do to address the
undocumented individuals living here now?
Share your
thoughts with me by taking my poll .
I
spoke on the House floor this week to honor a very special
constituent , 95-year old Marine veteran Robert N. Lowry. Bob, who lives in
Modesto, celebrated his 95 th
birthday on Tuesday, and I wanted
to recognize his lifetime of achievements, service and commitment to
our country.
Watch my full
remarks commemorating Bob's
service.
This past Saturday, the Modesto Marine Corps League
Detachment 019 threw his surprise 95th birthday party with more than 70
friends and family members in attendance. The Detachment presented the
colors and sang the United States Marine Corps Hymn. Here are just a few
photos of Bob and his birthday party.
A 1946 photo of Bob in his U.S. Marine Corps
uniform.
Members of the Modesto
Marine Corps League Detachment 019, Bob, and Mike Anderson, who serves as
my veteran and military
liaison.
Bob got to watch the video of my speech on the House floor
on his birthday later that evening.
Bob and his daugther Ann
watched my remarks on his 95th birthday to
celebrate.
I was honored to accept LULACs
Legislative Award for my work supporting immigration reform during the
first annual Emerge Latino Collegiate Luncheon this week, part of LULACs
Annual Legislative Conference and Awards Gala. Issues discussed at
this years legislative conference included comprehensive immigration
reform, health disparities, educational inequalities and
technology.
I am
honored to have been recognized by
LULAC.
The Emerge luncheon was filled with future Latino
leaders and students.
I met with representatives of CSU
Stanislaus, including Joseph Sheley, the Universitys president, and
several other Central Valley colleges this week to discuss several key
education issues, such as Pell grants, support for veterans returning from
service to pursue higher education and state workforce development
needs.
I took these CSU Stanislaus representatives to the balcony of
our office building during their
visit.
On Tuesday, I spoke with members of the California
Rice Commission about commodity and conservation programs, California's
drought and its impact on rice production in our state. As our drought
continues, we cannot afford to once again have government devastate
the valley's economy.
Valley families depend on water, and the
House has already acted on one water solution. The Senate must act
now.
I met with several Central Valley congressional
colleagues on Thursday to help resolve our water crisis. I stand ready to
negotiate with the Senate on legislation to help resolve the drought
through short-term and long-term measures. While hopeful that the Senate can
act quickly on passing legislation, we plan to
hold
a field hearing and tour drought-impacted areas
as a way to
demonstrate our commitment to educating Congress on the plight of the
regulatory loss of water, the need for new storage and delivering water
to parched farms and cities.
Want to learn more about my
work in the Central Valley and in Washington, D.C.? Subscribe to
my YouTube channel
and follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram . You can also encourage your friends to
subscribe to this newsletter .
Have a great
weekend!
JEFF DENHAM
Has the drought
personally affected you or your family?
Yes No Do you
think the federal government has done enough to help address our water
storage needs?
Yes No Do you think the state government
has done enough to help address our water storage needs?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
