
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative
Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
February 09, 2014
Capitol
Corner: Mr. President: Stop Stalling, Start
Building
In the last week of January, the State Department released
its report on the environmental impacts of building the Keystone XL
pipeline. The Keystone Pipeline is a $7 billion, 1,100-mile project that
would transport more than 800,000 barrels of oil each
day.
The State Departments findings stated that
the greenhouse gas emissions will not significantly impact the
environment if the pipeline is built, and that they would probably go up
regardless. This in particular was a blow to many environmentalists whose
last claim for the opposing the pipeline was carbon emission
increases. In reality, Canada will most likely continue to exploit the oil
sands from Alberta and move the fuel to the market regardless if the
Obama administration approves the project or
not.
The State Department also reported that the pipeline
construction would create more than 40,000 jobs. Outside groups have
estimated that over 100,000 jobs would be created as an indirect result of
the project. A project this large creates a ripple effect, building up
the local and state economy. Small towns that are still suffering
from the recession need this kind of project to kickstart their recovery.
Its jobs that we cannot afford to decline, and the fact that the
presidents administration is still debating this project is
baffling.
I hope that during the presidents
so-called year of action, that this project is a priority. President
Obama has been putting off approving the construction for over five
years now and cited the emissions effect as the reason. Well, this
report debunks that claim, confirms what we have known all along, and
solidifies our commitment to continue supporting the construction of this
project. Mr. President, it is time to
build.
To view the State Department's full report,
click here .
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Laying Down the L.A.W. Blog
Intel Committee Hosts Annual Worldwide
Threats Hearing
By Leslie
Shedd
The House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence held their
annual Worldwide Threats hearing yesterday, February 4, 2014The hearing
provided the members of the Intel Committee an opportunity to question
the intelligence community in an open environment.
Congressman
Westmoreland focused his questioning on the state of counterterrorism
in Afghanistan, specifically with regards to the growth of al Qaeda in
the country and the re-emergence of the Taliban
More.
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
In Other
News
Westmoreland Congratulates Georgia
Winter Olympians
...I am proud that of the 230
members represented from the US Olympic Team, two are representing the
great state of Georgia: Kyle Carr and Elana
Meyers...
House Passes Bill to Protect
Hunting, Second Amendment
Yesterday, the House passed
H.R. 3590, the Sportsmen's Heritage and Recreational Enhancement
(SHARE) Act of 2013...
The Hill: Study: Small biz health costs have doubled under
Obama
Healthcare costs for small businesses have
doubled under President Obama, according to a new study. The report from
the National Small Business Association (NSBA) surveyed 780 small
business owners and found that healthcare cost increases are preventing many
companies from growing...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington,
DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
