
Feb
9
News From Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
As you may have seen, the Senate held a procedural vote this week on whether to advance legislation to temporarily extend long-term unemployment benefits.
I voted in favor of advancing this proposal, which would pay for a three-month extension of long-term unemployment benefits and prohibit jobless benefits for millionaires.
While the measure fell short of the 60 votes required to move forward, I'm hopeful that this proposal will be reconsidered and that we can reach a bipartisan solution to address needed reforms to unemployment benefits to ensure that people have the right training to get back to work.
In other news this week, I continued bipartisan efforts with Senator Claire McCaskill (D-MO) to strengthen reforms aimed at curbing sexual assault in the military - see below for an update.
And I also continued my efforts to get to the bottom of what happened in Benghazi - sending a letter to the president demanding answers.
Click
here
to read it.
On Friday, I visited a Merrimack company - McClellan Automation Systems - to learn about how it's being impacted by the medical device tax, a $29.1 billion excise tax that took effect last year as part of the health care law.
See below for more about my visit and my efforts in the Senate to repeal this burdensome tax.
With the 2014 Olympic Winter Games having kicked off this weekend, my family is cheering for the outstanding
New Hampshire athletes
competing for the U.S. Olympic team - and we all hope the games are safe and successful.
Have a good weekend, and go Team USA!
Union Leader : Ayotte Says Medical Device Tax a Crusher
Ayotte says medical device tax a crusher
By Kimberly Houghton,
Union Leader
Correspondent
February 8, 2014
MERRIMACK - U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte said Friday that the Affordable Care Act's Medical Device Tax is hurting New Hampshire companies, including a local business that has seen a direct impact.
"This is a tax that unfortunately is a 2.3 percent tax on revenue, so it is not a tax on profit," Ayotte said while touring McClellan Automation Systems on Continental Boulevard. "This hurts innovation, and has a negative impact on investments and research and development."
The tax, Ayotte said, is making the nation less competitive while slowing the economy, reducing jobs and stalling company growth.
Ayotte is co-sponsoring legislation to repeal the Medical Device Tax, a $29.1 billion excise tax that took effect last year as part of the Affordable Care Act. The proposed legislation, the Medical Device Access and Innovation Protection Act, was introduced one year ago and is still sitting in the Senate Finance Committee.
Read more.
New Hampshire Delegation: Energy Department Will Release Alternatives to Proposed Northern Pass Route
In response to requests from New Hampshire's congressional delegation, the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) has agreed to make public a preliminary report on alternatives to the proposed Northern Pass route. In a letter sent Monday to delegation members DOE said it would issue a public report identifying alternatives to the Northern Pass route before a draft Environmental Impact Statement is issued.
"DOE's commitment to issue a public preliminary report on alternatives is a positive step forward that will improve transparency for New Hampshire citizens," delegation members said in a statement. "We look forward to working with DOE to make sure Granite Staters have the opportunity to thoroughly review and comment on the alternative routes prior to the issuance of the draft Environmental Impact Study."
The New Hampshire delegation has worked together to promote transparency on the proposed Northern Pass project - including leading efforts to ensure New Hampshire citizens have the opportunity to express to federal officials their views and concerns about the transmission proposal.
Ayotte, McCaskill Continue Bipartisan Work to Prevent Military Sexual Assault
As part of their ongoing bipartisan efforts to prevent sexual assault in the military, Senator Ayotte and Claire McCaskill (D-MO) this week discussed recent findings from an independent panel that recommended against stripping commanders of their ability to launch courts-martial in sexual assault cases. The Armed Services Committee members, both of whom are former prosecutors, have worked together extensively on this urgent issue - leading efforts to pass historic reforms in the 2014 defense bill, which Congress approved in December, to prevent military sexual assault and strengthen support for victims.
The "Response Systems Panel," which is majority-civilian and majority-female, was created by Congress to study how to curb sexual assaults in the military and to make recommendations to that end. On January 29, the independent panel's "Role of the Commander Subcommittee" released interim findings - including a 7 to 2 vote to reject a proposal from Senator Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY) that would relieve commanders of their responsibilities in sexual assault cases. The Subcommittee's interim assessment "is that the authority vested in senior commanders to convene courts-martial under the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) for sexual assault offenses should not be changed."
"We're here to protect victims - and our focus is on improving the system to encourage more reporting and prosecutions, and ultimately to altogether prevent sexual assault in the military," said Ayotte. "The independent Response Systems Panel - which includes many civilian members - found that the evidence does not suggest that removing senior commanders as convening authorities will reduce the incidence of or increase reporting of sexual assaults. The proposal we've introduced, however, would enhance the historic reforms already signed into law and further protect and empower victims by increasing reporting and prosecutions, demanding accountability within the chain of command, and assuring victims they have a say during the prosecution process."
Ayotte: President's Timeline on Benghazi Doesn't Pass the Smell Test
Pork Watch: Oversight Hearing on Army Contracting Fraud
Senators blast Army over recruiting fraud scandal
By Tom Vandenbrook,
USA Today
February 4, 2014
WASHINGTON - Senators blasted the Army Tuesday for a recruiting scandal that involves thousands of soldiers and tens of millions of dollars.
Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., labeled the scandal one of the worst in Army history. It involved National Guard soldiers taking kickbacks for signing up new recruits. They scammed the Recruiting Assistance Program for more than $29 million in illegal payments. The program paid soldiers and even civilians thousands of dollars for helping to enlist a new recruit.
...
The scams included soldiers taking credit for signing up recruits who had already enlisted. Five soldiers appear to have netted nearly $1 million in bogus bonuses. In all, more than 3,000 soldiers received payments that appear questionable. In all, it will take until the fall of 2016 for the Army to review all the payments.
...
Only nine cases were investigated from 2007 to 2009, said Maj. Gen. David Quantock, the Army's top law enforcement officer. It wasn't until 2010, when 10 cases indicated "that we have a major problem here."
"That's a long time when you've got fraud going on," said Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H.
...
Ayotte questioned the Army's oversight of the contractor.
It was "insufficient," Bentz acknowledged.
Read more.
Photo of the Week: Visit from Dublin School AP U.S. Government Class
Senator Ayotte met this week with students from the Dublin School's AP U.S. Government class in the U.S. Capitol.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
