
Saturday, February 1, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
Today, I would like to provide you with some updates from my work week in Washington, D.C.
Rep. Cuellar Hosts Student at State of the Union Address
Congressman Cuellar and his guest, student Luis Castaeda, before the annual State of the Union Address given by President Barack Obama.
On Tuesday, I hosted fifth grader Luis Castaeda from
Dr. Henry Cuellar Elementary School
in Laredo at the nations capital to see President Barack Obama give the State of the Union Address. Luis won an essay contest at his school, writing that a trip to Washington would be life changing for him.
While waiting for the event to start,
CNN spotted Luis and highlighted his trip to Washington . Besides all the State of the Union activities, Luis enjoyed getting a tour of the Capitol and learning more about our nation's history. It was a pleasure hosting this bright young man and I look forward to seeing what he accomplishes in the future.
Citrus Parade Reflects Thriving Local Industry
Congressman Cuellar's outreach coordinator attends Mission's Citrus Parade to discuss local industry and services with constituents.
This past weekend, my outreach coordinator for Hidalgo County, Alexis Gallegos, attended the 77th annual Citrus Parade in Mission. This community event is an excellent celebration of a thriving local industry and delicious fruit.
Congratulations to Mission on putting on a colorful and lively event!
Rio Grande ISD School Board is Recognized
Congressman Cuellar's staff presents Congressional Certificates of Recognition to RGISD School Board.
Congratulations to Rio Grande City I.S.D. for its continued dedication to the development and well being of students in Rio Grande City and La Grulla. My outreach coordinator, Nichole Hernandez, presented Congressional Certificates of Recognition to each School Board Member at their monthly meeting.
Farm Bill Passes the House
This week, I joined my colleagues by voting in support of HR 2642, the Agriculture Act of 2014, also known as the Farm Bill.
The bill preserves crucial benefits for millions of Texans. It does not remove a single American from supplemental nutrition assistance (SNAP) and it includes support for South Texas ranchers negatively impacted by cattle fever ticks. The Farm Bill is a strong bipartisan agreement between rural and urban areas in ensuring the United States continues to provide Americans with the safest most abundant food supply in the world.
Humanities Grant Workshop
Attendees learn about how to obtain available federal and state resources for the arts and humanities.
This week, my office hosted a workshop for professionals in the humanities to learn more about federal grant opportunities.
Over 30 people attended, including professors from Texas A&amp;M International University, local artists, non-profits, the Zapata County Museum of History, and other professionals.
Texas Humanities and the Texas Commission on the Arts presented information and two previous grant recipients gave tips on how to write a successful application.
For more information, visit the links below or contact my grants coordinators in Laredo and Washington.
Make sure to keep a look out for future workshops!
http://www.humanitiestexas.org
http://www.arts.texas.gov
Jourdanton Opens New City Hall
Congressman Cuellar provides his congratulations to the City of Jourdanton and discusses the benefits that the new building provides.
On January 3oth, I attended the opening of the new Jourdanton City Hall along with the Mayor of the city, Susan Netardus.
This new municipal building will provide the residents of Jourdanton with better services and convenience and allow the City to run more effectively and efficiently.
Since I began to represent Jourdanton in 2005, I've seen the city grow in leaps and bounds. Congratulations and I cannot wait to see what the future further holds for Jourdanton.
Follow Me on Twitter
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
P.S. Please keep in touch by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
I look forward to hearing from you!
CONNECT
Next Week, the House of Representatives is in session from Monday to Thursday.
Latest News
CNN, 1/29/14:
" Real People Go to Washington "
Laredo Morning Times, 1/28/14: " Local Student will Hear President Talk "
Action 4 News, 1/27/14:
Immigration Reform: Legalization or Citizenship?
Neighborhood Office Hours
My outreach coordinators will be out in the community to meet with constituents and answer questions about how my office can help.
Tuesday, February 4th
Selma State Stop Visitor Center
9374 Valhalla
9:00am-10:00am
Selma, TX
Universal City
Universal City Public Library
2150 Universal City Blvd.
10:30am-11:30am
Universal City, TX
Live Oak City Hall
8001 Shin Oak Dr.
1:00pm-2:00pm
Live Oak, TX
Falcon Community Center
Third at Rameireno
9:15am-10:15am
Falcon, TX
Zapata County Courthouse
200 E. 7 th
Ave
11:00am-12:00pm
Zapata, TX
Justice of the Peace Pct. 2 Office
1103 Hwy 83
1:15pm
2:00pm
San Ygnacio, TX
Mission City Hall
1201 E. 8 th
Street
9:00am-10:00am
Mission, TX
Palmview Multi Purpose Ctr
406 West Veterans Blvd.
10:15am-11:15am
Palmview, TX
Palmhurst City Hall
4417 North Shary Road
11:30am-12:30am
Palmhurst, TX
Thursday, February 6th
Pleasanton City Hall
108 2 nd
Street
10:00am-11:30am
Pleasanton, TX
Jourdanton County Courthouse, 1
Courthouse Circle
12:30pm
2:00pm
Jourdanton, TX
Charlotte City Maint
Bldg
11 Bruce Place
2:30pm-3:30pm
Charlotte, TX
Open to Laredo
Fire Dept Meeting Room
500 Cenizo
9:30am-10:30am
Sullivan City, TX
La Joya Senior Citizens Center
925 Lee Street
11:00am-12:00pm
La Joya, TX
Penitas City Hall
FM1427
1:00pm
2:00pm
Penitas, TX
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here