
If you are having trouble viewing this E-newsletter,
click here . To unsubscribe from these mailings,
click here .
January 31, 2013
To instantly unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here .
Dear Friends,
I am writing to highlight some things in Congress and our community that I hope you will find helpful.
1.
Affordable Healthcare Enrollment Continues
2.
Passage of a Full Year Budget
3.
&ldquo;Fast Track&rdquo; and Trans-Pacific Partnership
4.
Unemployment Insurance
5.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Affordable Healthcare Enrollment Continues
Open enrollment in the new health insurance marketplaces began on October 1, 2013 and is open until March 31, 2014. Connecticut&rsquo;s marketplace,
Access Health CT , is designed to meet the health insurance needs of individuals and small businesses. It&rsquo;s the one place where you&rsquo;ll be able to:
Save on your premiums if you qualify for federal discounts;
Find out if you qualify for Medicaid or other CT health insurance programs;
Compare health insurance plans, which must all meet State and Federal requirements for quality and benefit levels;
Enroll in a plan knowing you can&rsquo;t be denied because of a health condition.
For a list of available plans, please visit
www.accesshealthct.com
or call 855-805-4325.
Passage of a Full Year Budget
This month, Congress passed and the President signed into law
bipartisan legislation
to fund the government through the 2014 fiscal year, preventing another government shutdown.
This budget deal includes some welcome and some much-need funding for priorities such as mental health, Head Start and child care.
The bill restores cuts caused by sequestration by providing $8.6 billion for Head Start, which is $612 million above pre-sequester levels.
In addition, the legislation includes $2.3 billion for the Child Care and Development Block Grant program.
The bill also allocates $710 million for the Community Services Block Grant program.
LIS Federal Funding
As co-chair of the Long Island Sound Caucus, it was great to see that
the bill includes
$3.9 million in federal funding for the Long Island Sound program and approximately $600,000 through EPA&rsquo;s National Estuary Program. This is approximately $200,000 more than last year&rsquo;s funding levels and $1 million more than the President&rsquo;s 2014 Budget Request of $2.9 million.
The Long Island Sound is a regional and a national treasure, as well as a critical economic, recreational, and environmental resource.
While I supported this budget, as we move forward, we can and we must do better by American families. We endanger our families and our future by shortchanging other essential programs through cuts to critical programs.
For example, the National Institutes of Health is the key driver of biomedical research in America, spurring innovation, economic growth, and good health for millions of Americans. And yet, only 58 percent of the sequester cuts are restored in this budget, which is $700 million short.
In addition, job training services are part of the core, essential role of government. They help responsible people succeed from their own hard work, and businesses to secure the employees they need to grow. Job training programs were only restored by 81 percent, short $45 million.
Title I, which aids at-risk children, and IDEA for children with disabilities, are two fundamental building blocks of our K-12 education system. Both are only restored by 85 percent.
Fast Track and the Trans-Pacific Partnership
Congresswoman DeLauro joins U.S. Senators Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy in a meeting with Sikorsky employees to discuss funding for the Combat Rescue Helicopter program.
Fast Track procedures would allow the President to sign a potential Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and other free trade agreements before Congress votes to approve them even though the Constitution gives Congress exclusive authority over trade. The process would also guarantee the pacts could come to the floor without giving Members of Congress the opportunity to amend them despite the fact these agreements will include binding obligations that touch upon a wide swath of non-trade policy matters under the authority of Congress.
That is why I led a letter with over 150 Members of Congress, telling President Obama that we will oppose
&ldquo;Fast Track&rdquo; Trade Promotion Authority or any other mechanism delegating Congress&rsquo; constitutional authority over trade policy that continues to exclude us from having a meaningful role in the formative stages of trade agreements and throughout negotiating and approval processes.
Twentieth Century &ldquo;Fast Track&rdquo; is simply not appropriate for 21st Century agreements and must be replaced.
Furthermore, the latest proposal by Senator Max Baucus and Rep. David Camp to grant the Administration outdated fast track authority is a non-starter and would continue the same Fast Track mechanism that failed us from 2002 &ndash; 2007. For too long, bad trade deals have allowed corporations to ship good American jobs overseas, and wages, benefits, workplace protections and quality of life have all declined as a result. Congress must fight to oppose &ldquo;Fast Track&rdquo; trade negotiating authority over trade matters.
Unemployment Insurance
This month, I met with Connecticut residents who are facing the imminent expiration of federal emergency unemployment compensation, or have recently lost benefits.
About 26,000 people in Connecticut--and 1.3 million nationally--lost benefits on December 28, 2013. Another 1.9 million across the nation will suffer the same fate by June, about 28,700 of them in Connecticut. By the end of 2014,
85,100 people in Connecticut will have lost benefits .
The end of federal emergency unemployment compensation is also bad for the overall economy. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office recently predicts that failing to renew benefits will be a drag on our economic growth next year.
Congress&rsquo;s top priority should be restoring opportunity and the promise of a better future for all Americans.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Stratford Army Engine Plant Deal
The revitalization of the army engine plant will mean more jobs and more economic activity in Stratford. When we lost the Engine Plant we lost one of Stratford&rsquo;s largest employers. Now, with the recently signed agreement between Point Stratford Renewal and the Army we can finally begin to fill that hole. By revitalizing and rebuilding our communities through infrastructure investments like this, we help ensure that our cities and our nation can continue to grow and compete and that we can maintain a better way of life.
Sikorsky Visit
It was a pleasure meeting with Sikorsky and UTC&rsquo;s leadership team, the hard-working men and women at Sikorsky and the local 1150. Sikorsky is one of the lynchpins of our state&rsquo;s advanced industrial base, and a pillar of our national defense. It is because of the commitment, dedication, and sweat, day in and day out, of its workers that Sikorsky is a global leader today.
During the visit we discussed issues related to reduced spending and Sikorsky&rsquo;s restructuring. Additionally, we talked about the importance of the Combat Rescue Helicopter (CRH) program and the $334 million that was allocated towards the program in the recent omnibus bill.
The CRH program could mean over 100 aircraft will be built and it is one of my top priorities to make sure that contract is awarded to Sikorsky. It is always an honor to fight for Sikorsky in Congress and to make sure our state remains the home of good manufacturing jobs.
Congresswoman DeLauro meets with small businesses and entrepreneurs at The Grove in New Haven to discuss policies that will help bring good jobs to the state of Connecticut.
Start-Up Entrepreneurs Round Table
I was joined by Senator Murphy at The Grove in New Haven, where we met with small businesses and entrepreneurs to discuss policies that will help bring good jobs to the state of Connecticut.
We discussed how the Small Business Administration (SBA) has a number of entrepreneurial development and loan programs to help small businesses, like SCORE, Small Business Development Centers, and Women&rsquo;s Business Centers.
Additionally, we highlighted the benefits of the Small Business Innovation Research, or SBIR, program in helping emerging companies research, develop, and market new products and services by increasing their participation in federally funded research and development.
Minimum Wage, Job Training, and Income Inequality
This month I held a series of events that focused on what Congress should be doing to increase Americans&rsquo;&mdash;and Connecticut&rsquo;s&mdash;pay. The events came amidst renewed national focus on income inequality, of which stagnating wages are a key cause. Steady, rising wages are necessary to restoring the middle class and promoting opportunity and upward mobility.
The events included a press conference at United Way of Milford on how low wages are our biggest economic challenge, a press conference at the Department of Labor CT WORKS Center in Hamden on the harmful effects the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership would have on Connecticut workers, a roundtable discussion at Vinal Technical High School in Middletown on the necessity of training Connecticut&rsquo;s workforce for the high-paying jobs of the future, and a pay negotiation workshop at the University of New Haven with the American Association of University Women on how women can negotiate to close the gender-based wage gap.
Social Security Verification Letter Notice
As of February 2014, the Social Security Administration will no longer offer Social Security number (SSN) printouts and benefit verification information in their field offices. To ease the transition to the new system, you will be able to request this service until April 2014. This decision was made to increase efficiency, deal with budget cuts, and improve security to prevent fraud.
If you, an employer, or interested party requires SSN verification, the information can be obtained real time or overnight using online government services such as E-verify and Social Security&rsquo;s Business Services Online. A benefit verification letter can be obtained by visiting
www.socialsecurity.gov/myaccount , or through the mail by calling 1-800-772-1213. As always, if you need further assistance, you can call my New Haven office at 860-562-3718.
Keeping in Touch
Follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
YouTube
to find out more about what is happening in Congress and at home in Connecticut.
Sincerely,
Rosa DeLauro
Bill Search
|
Constituent Services
Washington, DC
2413 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3661
District Office
59 Elm St.
New Haven, CT, 06510
Phone: (203) 562-3718
Click Here
to be removed from this list
