
January 2014
WEBSITE
|
SUBSCRIBE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Friend,
Today we celebrate the 5 th
Anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fairpay Act.
Signed into law by President Obama on January 29 th , 2009, the Lilly Ledbetter Fairpay Act supports equality for women in the workplace by restoring protection against pay discrimination.
After discovering that over decades at her company she received an average lower salary than the men doing the same work, Lilly Ledbetter decided to file a wage discrimination case in court.
The case was eventually brought to the Supreme Court, only to be dismissed in the Supreme Courts 2007 decision in Ledbetter v. Goodyear Tire &amp; Rubber Co.
The 2009 Lilly Ledbetter Fairpay Act reversed the Supreme Courts decision, taking a historical step towards upholding equal pay rights for women in the workforce.
As half of the American workforce, working womens salaries are critical to their families economic security. And, increasingly often, women are the primary or sole bread winners in their families, making the impact of these lost wages all the more significant.
The Lilly Ledbetter Act affirms womens rights to maintain fair wages and better enables women to fight wage discrimination.
Contrary to the Supreme Courts 2007 ruling, the Act reinstates the common interpretation of the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA), and the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA) by providing employees adequate time to file wage discrimination cases.
Thanks to the Act, employees are able to file wage discrimination cases regarding salary discrimination that unknowingly occurred over years. While the Act can be credited in helping to prevent this kind of unequal pay and supporting a more active role for women in society, the fight for equality is not over.
I have tackled womens rights in the workplace head-on during my time in Congress, signing on as a co-sponsor to the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act, the Support Working Parents Act, and the Paycheck Fairness Act.
The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act would ensure that women who work while pregnant are not forced out of their jobs.
Additionally, the Support Working Parents Act seeks to provide further support to working women and their families by maintaining a tax credit for dependent care services.
And finally, I am an enthusiastic supporter and cosponsor of the Paycheck Fairness Act, the next step beyond the Lilly Ledbetter Act.
The Paycheck Fairness Act would take critical steps to strengthen and reform the existing Equal Pay Act by putting an end to pay secrecy, strengthening workers ability to challenge discrimination, and bringing equal pay law into line with other civil rights laws.
Im proud of the work Ive done to support women during my time in office, but I also recognize that much more still needs to be done.
That is why Im honored to be in Congress working to protect women from senseless discrimination and ensure that they receive equal pay for equal work.
If you would like to stay connected to our office please
follow me on Facebook!
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here