
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can
I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Voting No on Agricultural
Subsidies
Dear Friends:
This week, the House passed the final
compromised version (known as a Conference Report) of the Federal Agriculture
Reform and Risk Management Act, also known as the Farm
Bill.
This legislation is the final product of legislation passed to
provide structure for American farmers and nutrition assistance for needy
families.
Although I support the overall objectives of this
legislation, I could not support the nearly $1 trillion compromise because
it is devoid of many of the meaningful reforms I supported last year
during debate in the House of
Representatives.
Specifically, I am frustrated that
the Conference Committee (a committee made up of both House and Senate
members that negotiate the compromise) raised the caps implemented last
year for the amount of subsidies individuals can receive under the
new assistance programs.
For example, the House limited individual
subsidies to $50k while the Conference Committee raised it to
$125k.
Also, I supported increased means testing for crop insurance
programs to ensure the programs are helping small family farms and not
large agricorps, but these reforms are absent from the Conference
Report.
Moreover, the report fails to adjust premiums for recipients
with adjusted gross income over $750k.
These are common-sense
policies that should have made it to the final
legislation.
Finally, although I
am pleased the Conference Report does include reforms to state-based
workforce training programs that I urged last year, the Conference
Committee's decision to ignore the will of the House by recombining the
nutrition - or Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) -
programs with the agriculture provisions is wrong.
SNAP, which
constitutes $756 billion - or 79% - of the cost of the final version, should
exist as separate legislation so it can be debated thoughtfully and
deliberately.
My vote against this legislation underscores my view that it doesn't
matter what party proposes a bill, I will judge it on its merits.
Whether it's defense spending, or agriculture subsidies, I have consistently
opposed wasteful spending and will continue to do
so.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to
sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this link
$ 18,090,002,818,453
Share on
Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
Colorado House
members cleave political allegiances on support for Farm Bill
By Allison
Sherry
DenverPost.com/TheSpot
Published January 29,
2014
WASHINGTON
GOP Rep. Cory Gardner and Democratic Rep. Ed Perlmutter agreed to a
massive reform package Wednesday to overhaul agriculture and food stamps
policy, while the rest of the delegation, two Democrats and two
Republicans, voted against the measure.
Certainty has finally returned to our farmers and
ranchers with the passage of this farm bill, Gardner said, in a
statement.
Rep. Scott Tipton,
a Republican from Cortez, didnt vote due to a death in his family.
He issued a statement in support of the bill.
The massive Farm Bill, $959 billion over 10
years, repeals direct payments to farmers, adds back Payment in Lieu of
Taxes, creates a robust crop insurance plan and makes $8 billion in
cuts to the food stamp program over 10 years.
Democratic Reps. Jared Polis and Diana
DeGette voted against the final bill
partly becase of the cuts to food
stamps, they said. Those cuts dont affect any Coloradans because it
amends the program tied to the Low Income Energy Assistance Program.
Colorados LEAP program doesnt apply to this.
I voted against the conference report today
because the cuts to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP)
in the final bill are untenable, DeGette, of Denver, said in a
statement. It is sad that Congress cannot provide the necessary funding to
Americans who are struggling to put food on the
table.
Polis no vote comes after a
number of things he had fought for
including hemp cultivation and federal
money for isolated counties were included in the final
package.
The bill extends costly
subsidies to agri-business which distort the market and force
consumers to pay more for food, he said, in a statement. Its time to end
our byzantine soviet-style agriculture
policy.
GOP Reps. Doug Lamborn and
Mike
Coffman
also voted no. Coffman said he didnt approve of the
final compromise brokered over several months, because it lacks many of
the meaningful reforms I supported in 2013 such as capping subsidies
for large corporate farming operations.
His staff wouldnt elaborate on this comment.
Lamborn did not issue a statement about why he didnt support the Farm
Bill.
The bill heads to
the Senate likely Monday where it is expected to
pass.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720)
748-7514
Fax: (720)
748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
