
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
January 21, 2014
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
CONSTITUENTS
|
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
|
NEWSROOM
|
DISTRICT
Dear Friend,
Last
week, Congress passed the
Fiscal Year 2014 omnibus
appropriations act , which will fund government operations for the
remainder of the fiscal year.
The appropriations agreement
is far from perfect and ignores many areas that are critical to the
growth of our nation. That being said, no effort of this magnitude is
ever perfect and I am committed to sustained efforts throughout the
coming year to address its limitations.
I supported the
omnibus to prevent another government shutdown and because it creates a
framework that allows us to provide the certainty that both the private
and public sectors need.
This bill also begins to turn us
away from the devastating effects of sequestration. Partially rolling
back the across-the-board cuts signals recognition that deficit
reduction cannot be solely achieved by blindly slashing spending.
We
must make targeted, thoughtful cuts that more broadly apply the
responsibility for reducing our deficit.
This bill is a compromise,
which is the only way we can move forward to address some of our nations
most pressing problems.
Sequestration harmed our
countrys economic growth, stifled job creation, and impacted hundreds of
thousands of families across America, many right here in Massachusetts
Third District. Defense, education, our National Parks and many other
sectors will find modest relief from the deep cuts but areas like
important health research
which is a job and innovation driver in
Massachusetts
remain with inadequate support.
This legislation
does provide increased support to Head Start and early childhood
education initiatives, which will impact many such programs in the Third
District and the families that rely on them each day. Providing
childcare and education opportunities to American families is critical to our
current and future economic growth both here in Massachusetts and
across the nation.
Another key to local economic development
is Community Development Block Grants (CDBG), which received a modest
increase in funding in todays legislation. Community Development
Block Grants are some of the most valuable tools cities have to promote
economic development, address infrastructure, and respond flexibly to
local challenges. Since coming to Congress, I have strongly supported
funding the CDBG program at the level necessary to meet community
needs, and this past year joined my colleagues in urging support for the
program. CDBG is one of the federal governments most cost effective
programs, enabling communities in my district, in Massachusetts and
across America to leverage their resources to quickly respond to emerging
needs.
The bill also supports our men and women in
uniform, by restoring disabled veterans pension pay and making an investment
in the fight against military sexual assault. In order to best combat
military sexual assault, we need support at all levels and I am glad
to see that additional funding for SAPRO and the Special Victims
Counsel Program is recognized as key to that goal.
Our
country still faces long-term fiscal challenges and much more needs to
be done to continue to grow jobs and support middle class families. But
this compromise, passed with Democratic and Republican support, will
keep the doors open and enable us to continue building towards a
stronger economy.
Please be sure to scroll down to read more
information on some of the other topics on which I have been
working.
As always, I hope that you continue to provide me with
your thoughts, feedback, and opinions on these or any other subjects via
my
website
or on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Niki
Tsongas
MAYORAL
INAUGURATIONS
Rep. Tsongas swearing in Mayor Steve
Zanni
Since the New Year, I have had the privilege of attending and
participating in the swearing-in of Haverhill Mayor Jim Fiorentini,
Methuen Mayor Steve Zanni, and Lawrence Mayor Dan Rivera. I am excited to
work together with these leaders to ensure that the people of
Massachusetts are well-represented, and I am confident that they will
accomplish great things for their respective
cities.
WORKING CITIES
CHALLENGE
The Federal Reserve Bank of Boston recently announced
Lawrence and Fitchburg as top award winners for their Working Cities
Challenge. The competition asked small and mid-sized cities in Massachusetts
to submit proposals for initiatives designed to improve opportunities
for low-income residents. As a result of this honor, the City of
Lawrence will be awarded $700,000 in grant money to implement their
Lawrence Working Families Initiative, and the City of Fitchburg will be
awarded $400,000 for their eCarenomics Initiative. I am proud of these two
cities for working hard to create positive change in their
neighborhoods, and I believe this is one great way to promote economic
growth.
Read more
about the Working Cities
Challenge
SEXUAL ASSAULT AT MILITARY
ACADEMIES UPDATE
The Department of Defenses
Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office recently released an
annual report on sexual assault at military academies. While the report
offers that there was a decrease in reported sexual assaults in 2013, I
believe that our work is not complete until these crimes are
completely eradicated from our armed forces. Ensuring that the rights of our
military members are protected and that we have the tools in place to
prevent sexual assaults continues to be a priority for me as a member of
the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Oversight. We must create an
environment in which victims are supported in their fight for justice
and those convicted of sexual assault face appropriate consequences.
Read my full statement
here
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Office
Locations
Washington D.C. Office
1607
Longworth House Office Building | Washington, DC 20515
Phone:(202)
2253411 |
Fax: (202) 2260771
Lowell
MA Office
11 Kearney Square, 4th Floor
Lowell, MA 01852
Hours: Mon.
Fri., 9:00am
5:00pm
Phone: 978.459.0101
Fax: 9784591907
Haverhill
Haverhill Citizens Center
10
Welcome St, Room 4
Haverhill, MA 01830
Hours:
Tues., 9:00am
11:00am
Phone: 9784590101
Marlborough
Frank D. Walker Building
255 Main St, Room 108
Marlborough, MA 01752
Hours: Thurs., 10:00am
12:00pm
Phone:
9784590101
Lawrence MA Office
15 Union Street,
Suite 401
Lawrence, MA 01840
Hours: Tues. &amp;
Wed., 10:00am
5:00pm
Phone: 9786816200
Fax:
9786826070
Tues., Wed., 10AM - 5PM
Fitchburg
Fitchburg State
University
Center for Professional Studies Office | 150
Main Street Fitchburg, MA 01420
Hours: Tues. &amp; Thurs.,
10:00am
1:00pm | Phone: 9784590101
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
