
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
January 19, 2014
FY2014
Consolidated Appropriations Act
This week, the
House passed the FY2014 Consolidated Appropriations Act. This bill
reduces federal spending for the fourth year in a row and will reduce our
long-term deficits over the next 10 years, without raising
taxes.
This bipartisan bill also takes agency appropriations down
to where spending levels were when President Bush left office, is
below the discretionary Ryan budget passed in 2011, and does not provide
any new or additional funding for the presidents health care law. I am
also pleased that this legislation did not include any
earmarks.
In March 2009, in one of his first acts President Obama signed, the
omnibus appropriations legislation included approximately 9,000
earmarks.
National Bio and
Agro-Defense Facility (NBAF):
This legislation designates $404 million for NBAF at Kansas State
University. This is great news for the Kansas economy, Kansas jobs,
and reiterates that NBAF is a critical need for our nations security
that ranks high on the list of federal priorities. This project has a
history of broad-based, bipartisan support, and I will continue to do
everything I can to ensure its completion. Read
WIBWs
story,
here .
Mental Health First Aid:
This bill also includes millions of dollars for Mental Health
First Aid. The $15 million investment will be devoted to new mental
health training programs like those administered by the Bert Nash Community
Health Center in Lawrence, Kansas. Helping folks gain better access
to mental health resources to care for loved ones is something I am
passionate about, and have championed over the last decade. I am
extremely glad to see action being taken that will make a real difference in
peoples lives and create healthier communities for our kids. Read the
Lawrence Journal-World
report,
here .
Veterans
Benefits:
I supported the budget last
December to provide certainty and a way forward. Immediately after that
vote I got to work to restore the future reductions in the cost of
living adjustments (COLA) for military pensions for veterans under age
62, by cosponsoring H.R. 3787, introduced by Congressman James Lankford.
This week, as promised, we addressed a number of these issues
including ensuring that medically retired and disabled armed forces personnel
receive their full COLA.
Taken together, these are steps in the
right direction to get this fixed but there is still a great amount
of work to be done and I wont rest until it is done.
Read more
about how these steps will help our veterans,
here .
Health Care Enrollment Numbers &amp; Exchange
Information Disclosure Act:
Since open
enrollment began on October 1, HHS has released only 3 reports on the
progress of health care enrollment, and there has been limited demographic
information in these three reports. The lack of communication and
transparency with the American public is particularly troubling considering
the disastrous roll-out of the law.
In one of their
reports the HHS showed that only a combined 2,153,421 people have enrolled
in the federal and state-based exchanges.
This means that halfway
through the extended open enrollment season, only 30% of the expected
7 million have enrolled.
If enough people do not sign up for
this law, there will be an increased risk taxpayers could take on the
burden.
This week, I am pleased the House passed with
bipartisan support the Exchange Information Disclosure Act, a bill that will
require the HHS to make weekly disclosures of both enrollment data and
problems with the website. The administration must be transparent
with Congress and especially to the American people about all of the
negative aspects surrounding the Presidents health care law because there
is still a lot we dont know.
Ways and Means Tax Code
Video:
As a member of the Ways and Means
Committee I have been working diligently to fix our broken tax code. Check
out our new video to see how a simpler and fairer tax code will
create American jobs, spur investment, and increase wages. Watch
here .
Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by
the IRS Act of 2014:
This week I also
cosponsored legislation to block proposed IRS regulations that would stifle
rights of Tea Party groups.
This past year I was absolutely
outraged and shocked that the IRS not only deliberately targeted
individuals based on their political belief, but they also misled Congress about
those actions. I sat in the room when IRS Commissioner Doug Shulman
repeatedly denied this activity to me and other members of the
Oversight Subcommittee. Congress must make sure every Americans right to
participate and engage in civic debate is protected, and this legislation
will provide some much-needed assurance that IRS targeting and
surveillance will not continue. Read more about the bill,
here .
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
Click
Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from
my office to your e-mail
account.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Where are the jobs? Do you think President Obamas economic
policies are responsible for the lack of jobs available to those struggling
to find work? Yes. No.
Please
subscribe me to your Enewsletter If you are having trouble, click here.
Washington, DC
Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg
Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka
Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence,
KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 