
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
February 04, 2014
Update My Profile
Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz,
23rd District of Florida
Website
-
Issues
-
News &amp; Press
-
Services For You
-
Legislation
-
Kids &amp; Students
-
Contact
Dear Friends,
Last Friday, filing season for your 2013
taxes began! Below, Im sharing with you the lengthy but very helpful
information that the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has compiled in
order to help you file your taxes properly and on time. This email
includes important updates to tax laws, access to forms and services,
refund and payment options, and additional phone number and website
resources that you can turn to for more information.
I hope you
find this information useful. Please do not hesitate to contact me and
my staff if we can be of further assistance to you as you prepare to
file your taxes.
Sincerely,
2014 Filing Season Messages (for Tax Year
2013)
Details :
Below is filing season information for 2014. Information
is organized around the steps taxpayers follow: finding help, getting
forms, return preparation, filing options, and payment
options.
Much of the information is available publicly on irs.gov
at:
1040 Central -
http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/1040-Central
News Release Archive -
http://www.irs.gov/uac/News-Release-and-Fact-Sheet-Archive
Tax Tips -
http://www.irs.gov/uac/IRS-Tax-Tips
IN THIS
EMAIL:
Important Dates
Tax Law Changes
IRS Online Resources
Tax
Help
Tax Forms and
Publications
Return Preparation and
Filing
Refunds
Payment Options
Important
Dates
January 31, 2014: filing season opens. The IRS
will not process any tax returns before Jan. 31. Many software
companies are expected to begin accepting tax returns in January and hold
those returns until the IRS systems open on Jan.
31.
April 15, 2014: filing deadline. Taxpayers who are granted a six
month extension will have until Wednesday, October 15 th
to
file.
Tax Law
Changes
Tax laws sometimes change, expire or get extended. The list
below is not exhaustive, but is a useful reminder as we file 2013 tax
returns and plan our 2014 withholding.
Additional
MedicareTax -
Beginning in 2013, a 0.9% Additional Medicare
Tax applies to Medicare wages, railroad retirement (RRTA) compensation,
and self-employment income that are more than:
$125,000 if married filing separately,
$250,000 if married filing jointly, or
$200,000 for any other filing
status.
See Form 8959 and its instructions.
Net
Investment Income Tax - Beginning in 2013, you may be subject to Net
Investment Income Tax (NIIT). The NIIT is 3.8% of the smaller of (a)
your net investment income or (b) the excess of your modified adjusted
gross income over:
$125,000 if
married filing separately,
$250,000 if married filing jointly or qualifying widow(er), or
$200,000 if any other filing
status.
See Form 8960 and its instructions.
Tax rate on
net capital gain and qualified dividends . The maximum tax rate
of 15% on net capital gain and qualified dividends has increased to
20% for some taxpayers.
Medical and dental expenses -
You can deduct only the part of your medical and dental
expenses that is more than 10% of your adjusted gross income (7.5% if
either you or your spouse is age 65 or older).
Personal
exemption amount increased for certain taxpayers . Your
personal exemption is increased to $3,900. But the amount is reduced if
your adjusted gross income is more than:
$150,000 if married filing separately,
$250,000 if single,
$275,000 if head of household, or
$300,000 if any other filing status.
Limit on
itemized deductions . You may not be able to deduct all of your
itemized deductions if your adjusted gross income is more than:
$150,000 if married filing
separately,
$250,000 if single,
$275,000 if head of household, or
$300,000 if any other filing
status.
Same-sex marriages -
If you have a same-sex
spouse whom you legally married in a state (or foreign country) that
recognizes same-sex marriage, you and your spouse generally must use the
married filing jointly or married filing separately filing status on
your 2013 return, even if you and your spouse now live in a state (or
foreign country) that does not recognize same-sex
marriage.
Health flexible spending arrangements (FSAs) -
You
cannot have more than $2,500 in salary reduction contributions made to a
health FSA for plan years beginning after 2012.
The
plug-in electric vehicle credit
and the
refundable
part of the credit for prior year minimum tax
have expired. You
cannot claim either one on your 2013
return.
Ponzi-type investment schemes -
There are new rules for how to
claim a theft loss deduction on Form 4684 due to a Ponzi-type investment
scheme.
Home office deduction simplified
method. If you can take a home office deduction, you may be able to use
a simplified method to figure it. See Publication
587.
Standard mileage rates -
The 2013 rate for business use
of your car is increased to 56.5 cents a mile.
The 2013 rate
for use of your car to get medical care is increased to 24 cents a
mile. The 2013 rate for use of your car to move is increased to 24 cents
a mile.
Resources On-Line at www.IRS.gov
Authorized e-file
Provider (for Individuals)
to find an Authorized e-file Provider in
your area who can electronically file your tax return.
Free Tax Return Preparation for You by Volunteers to
find free tax help for people who generally make $50,000 or less and
need assistance in preparing their own tax returns.
Resources
contd.
Interactive Tax Assistant
(ITA)
a new tax law resource that takes you through a series of
questions and provides you with responses to tax law questions.
Tax Trails to get answers to many common tax
questions.
Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC)
Assistant to determine whether you are eligible for the EITC and
estimate the amount of the credit. Spanish version available.
Exempt Organizations Select Check to find an
exempt organization and determine the amount of your contributions that are
tax deductible, and other information about an organization's federal
tax status and filings.
Sales Tax
Deduction Calculator to determine the amount of optional state and local
sales tax you can claim on Schedule A of Form 1040.
Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT) Assistant to determine
whether you may be subject to AMT.
First
Time Homebuyer Credit Account Look-up - Did you receive the First
Time Homebuyer Credit?
You can now check the status of your FTHBC
online 24/7 for information on your repayments and account
balance.
Electronic Federal Tax Payment System -
Pay your federal taxes on-line or by phone through EFTPS, a free tax
payment system.
Where's My Refund? -
Check the status of your refund online within 24 hours after we have
received your e-filed return or 4 weeks after you mail a paper
return.
NEW:
Get Transcript (available by early
February)
- Individual taxpayers with an SSN can instantly
view and print a copy of their tax transcripts. Five types of
transcripts will be available: tax account, tax return, record of account, wage
and income, and verification of non-filing.
Order A Transcript - Order your tax return or tax account
transcript online, receive it in the mail.
NEW:
Where's My Amended
Return? - Track the status of your amended return.
Online Payment Agreement - Determine if you're eligible and
apply for an online payment agreement if you have a tax liability you
can't completely pay today.
Offer in Compromise Pre-Qualifier Tool - Determine whether you are
eligible to apply for an Offer in Compromise and what an acceptable
offer amount might be. If you choose to apply, our video Completing
Form 656, Offer in Compromise provides tips on how to prepare your
application and avoid common errors.
Tax Help
NEW: The IRS will answer
basic tax law questions during the filing season (January to
mid-April). This includes questions pertaining to Forms 1040A, 1040 EZ and
related items on Form 1040 such as filing status, dependents, exemptions
and taxable income.
The IRS will
refer taxpayers with complex tax law questions to a resources available
on IRS.gov, IRS tax publications and the software packages taxpayers
may already be using.
Outside of
the January
April time frame, the IRS will refer all taxpayers with
tax law questions to the resources listed
above.
Toll Free Numbers : The IRS offers free
assistance through a set of toll free numbers. Individuals seeking help with a
1040-series return or related issue should be directed to
1-800-829-1040. For business related tax issues, call
1-800-829-4933.
Toll free hours of operation will be 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m., Monday
through Friday, local time. (Exception: Hawaii and Alaska will be
serviced from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m., Pacific
Time.)
Taxpayer Assistance Centers : For issues that
cannot be handled on-line or over the phone, face-to-face assistance is
available at Taxpayer Assistance Centers nationwide. Taxpayer Assistance
Centers can help with:
Inquiries or adjustments to tax
accounts
Questions about IRS letters and notices
Payments
Identity theft
Taxpayers can walk in
no
appointment is necessary. Those whose circumstances require
appointments may call local phone numbers for instructions on requesting an
appointment. Telephone numbers and locations for Taxpayer Assistance
Centers can be found in local telephone directories. In addition, the
location, hours, and services offered at each Taxpayer Assistance Center
are listed on the internet at
http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 .
The
Taxpayer Advocate Service
(TAS) describes itself as
follows : TAS is an independent organization within the IRS. We help
taxpayers who are experiencing economic difficulties, such as not
being able to provide necessities like housing, transportation, or food;
taxpayers who are seeking help in resolving problems with the IRS; and
those who believe an IRS system or procedure is not working as it
should. If you believe you are eligible for TAS assistance, you
can reach TAS by calling the TAS toll-free number at 18777774778 or
TTY/TDD 1-800-829-4059.
For more information, go to
www.TaxpayerAdvocate.irs.gov .
Tax Forms and
Publications
The fastest way to get forms and publications is to print them from
www.irs.gov .
If you dont need them right
away, you can
order them online and have them mailed
to your home.
Tax packages are no longer automatically
mailed to individuals or businesses. However, taxpayers may order current
and prior year forms, instructions and publications by calling
1-800-TAX-FORM
(1-800-829-3676). Requested items will be sent by
mail.
Some post offices and libraries also stock IRS tax
forms as part of the Tax Forms Outlet Program (TFOP). Participation
changes from year to year, so taxpayers should check with the organization
before making the trip.
Taxpayer Assistance Centers (TACs)
stock the basic forms and publications. To locate the nearest TAC, go
to
http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 .
Return Preparation and Filing
NEW:
Taxpayer
Assistance Centers no longer offer return preparation
assistance.
E-Filing
results in faster
and more accurate return processing, as well as faster refunds. E-File
begins January 31, 2014. You can e-file through several different
systems:
Free File is a no-cost electronic filing
alternative for many individuals with an adjusted gross income of $58,000 or
less. It is a step-by-step interview based format that includes a
standardized set of electronic forms that are most commonly used by Free
File-eligible taxpayers. Look for the Free File logo at
www.irs.gov .
Free File Fillable Tax
Forms allow taxpayers (even those whose incomes exceed $58,000) to fill out
and file their tax forms electronically, just as they would on paper.
This option does not include an interview process, but it does allow
taxpayers to enter their tax data, perform basic math calculations,
sign electronically, print their returns for recordkeeping and e-file
their returns. Look for the Free File logo at
www.irs.gov .
Do-It-Yourself Commercial Software : Those
who do not use IRS Free File can still e-file with a computer and
commercially available software.
Professional Return
Preparer : Most professional return preparers are now required to e-file
the returns they file for clients. To find the nearest IRS authorized
e-file provider, search online at
http://www.irs.gov/uac/Authorized-IRS-e-file-Providers-for-Individuals . If you pay
someone to prepare your tax return, choose that preparer wisely.
Taxpayers are legally responsible for whats on their tax return even if it
is prepared by someone else. Advice on selecting a preparer is
available online at
http://www.irs.gov/Tax-Professionals/Choosing-a-Tax-Professional
VITA / TCE : The Volunteer Income Tax Assistance
(VITA) program offers free basic income tax return preparation with
electronic filing to qualified individuals
generally, people who make
$52,000 or less.
The Tax Counseling for the Elderly (TCE)
program offers free tax help for all with priority assistance to
people who are 60 years of age and older, specializing in questions about
pensions and retirement issues unique to seniors.
VITA and
TCE sites are staffed by IRS-certified volunteers and are generally
located in community centers, libraries, schools, shopping malls and
other convenient locations. Dates and hours of operation for these sites
vary.
Local VITA and TCE sites are listed online at
http://irs.treasury.gov/freetaxprep/ . Taxpayers can also
call 1-800-906-9887 for locations and additional information about
the VITA and TCE programs.
A majority of the TCE sites are
operated by the AARP Foundations Tax Aide Program. To locate the
nearest TCE site or AARP Tax-Aide site, call 888-227-7669 or use following
link to the AARP Site Locator Tool -
http://www.aarp.org/applications/VMISLocator/searchTaxAideLocations.action .
Extensions : Taxpayers who cannot
meet the April filing deadline should file a Form 4868,
Application for Automatic Extension of Time to File . The extension
provides most taxpayers until October 15, 2014, (an additional six months) to
file a return. An extension of time to file is NOT an extension of
time to pay.
Refunds
Whether you file
electronically or on paper, direct deposit gives you access to your
refund faster than a paper check. It also avoids the possibility of a
lost, stolen or undeliverable refund check.
Whether returns
are filed electronically or on paper, the IRS issues most refunds in 21
days or less. This timing reflects returns that are filed accurately,
with no review or correction required. The IRS has increased scrutiny
of tax returns to prevent fraud. This additional screening can delay
refunds.
NEW : The
IRS will direct all refund inquiries during the first 21 days after a
taxpayer files to the Wheres My Refund? tool or to 1-800-829-4477,
an automated telephone service. IRS customer service representatives
will only be able to research the status of a refund if its been 21
days or more since the return was filed electronically or more than six
weeks since a paper return was mailed to the IRS or if the Wheres
My Refund? tool directs them to contact the IRS.
Wheres
My Refund? -
http://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Where's-My-Refund-It's-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure.
Payment Options
You can pay online, by phone, or by check or money order. However,
the options available vary in some situations. Also, the companies that
provide credit card services impose user
fees.
e-file customers : IRS e-file offers two electronic payment
options. With Electronic Funds Withdrawal, you can pay your current year
balance due and also make up to four estimated tax payments. If you file
early, you can schedule your payment for withdrawal from your account
on a future date, up to and including the due date of the return. Or
you can pay using a credit or debit card. Visit
www.irs.gov/e-pay for details on both options.
Pay
Online:
You can pay using either of the following electronic
payment methods.
Direct transfer from your bank
account.
Credit or debit card.
To pay your taxes online or
for more information, go to
www.irs.gov/e-pay .
Pay by Phone:
You can pay using either of the
following electronic payment methods.
Direct transfer from
your bank account.
Credit or debit card.
To pay
by direct transfer from your bank account, call 1-800-555-4477
(English), 1-800-244-4829 (Espanol) or 1-800-733-4829
(TTY/TDD).
To pay by credit or debit card, go to
www.irs.gov/e-pay for a list of participating payment
processers.
Pay by Check or Money Order : Make your check or money
order payable to United States Treasury for the full amount due. Do not
send cash.
EFTPS : The Electronic Federal
Tax Payment System (EFTPS) is a free service from the U.S. Department
of the Treasury. All federal taxes can be paid using EFTPS. You can
make payments via this Web site or a voice response system. EFTPS is
available by phone or online 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. You can
schedule business and individual payments up to 365 days in advance.
Visit
www.EFTPS.gov
to
enroll.
Online Payment Agreement :Many individuals who owe
federal income taxes can apply online for a payment agreement. The Online
Payment Agreement application provides an easy way to resolve tax
liabilities voluntarily. For details, see
http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Online-Payment-Agreement-Application .
Installment Agreement User Fees :User fees for
installment agreements are currently:
new direct debit installment
agreements, $52.
other new installment agreements,
$120.
The IRS may reduce the fee for new installment agreements
submitted by low-income taxpayers. Information about requesting a
reduction will be included with the installment agreement acceptance letter
sent to the taxpayer.
What If?:
Scenarios
dealing with payment and other financial problems are available
online. These scenarios provide information on specific actions taxpayers
can take.
See
http://www.irs.gov/uac/The-%e2%80%9cWhat-Ifs%e2%80%9d-for-Struggling-Taxpayers .
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON D.C.
OFFICE
118 Cannon H.O.B
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-7931
Fax: 202-226-2052
AVENTURA
OFFICE
19200 West Country Club Drive
Aventura, FL 33180
Phone:
305-936-5724
Fax: 305-932-9664
PEMBROKE
PINES OFFICE
10100 Pines Blvd.
Pembroke Pines, FL
33026
Phone: 954-437-3936
Fax: 954-437-4776
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
