
Unsubscribe
January 2014
In recent weeks, Sen. Levin outlined for Michigan readers his goals for 2014;
called for strong steps to protect the Great Lakes from Asian carp and other
invasive species; called for an extension of emergency unemployment benefits;
and welcomed funding for a new nuclear science facility at Michigan State
University.
A year of focused commitment
Outlining the progress made in 2013 and his goals for
2014, Sen. Levin wrote, &quot;There is no question this year will be a challenging
one. My final year in the Senate will be one of focused commitment to the job I
was sent here to do.&quot;
Read his newspaper column on the year ahead &raquo;
Protecting Great Lakes is our responsibility
Sen. Levin testified at a public hearing discussing
ways to prevent invasive species such as Asian carp from entering the Great
Lakes from the Mississippi River basin, saying a new report on the subject was
right to find that physical separation of the two basins was feasible and
offered the strongest protection, but that the report may have overstated costs
and failed to account for benefits of such action.
Read
Sen. Levin's newspaper column on his public hearing testimony
&raquo;
More news from Senator Levin
Sen. Levin called for an end to obstruction of legislation to
extend unemployment benefits.
With Michigan's Sen. Debbie Stabenow, he
welcomed full federal funding for the Facility for Rare Isotope Beams,
a vital research project that can now begin construction at Michigan State University.
He chaired a Senate Armed Services Committee on recent changes to military retirement benefits and
called for legislation to reverse those changes,
which unfairly singled out military retirees to bear
the burden of deficit reduction.
He
supported legislation to provide appropriations
for federal programs this year.
With Sen. Angus King of Maine, he wrote in The New York Times that
Congress should not pass new sanctions on Iran that could damage the chances for a peaceful end to Iran's nuclear program.
In a Senate floor statement, he
supported U.S. aid to Iraq,
but said only Iraq's government can resolve the political and sectarian disputes roiling the country.
This newsletter is part of Sen.
Levin&rsquo;s efforts to keep constituents informed about the issues important to them.
Visit Sen. Levin&rsquo;s website
