
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Dear David,
Earlier this month, Congress passed a bipartisan five-year reauthorization of the Farm Bill and last week the President signed it into law.
The Farm Bill makes key investments that will benefit all Washingtonians, by supporting research and development initiatives that are critical to creating jobs and growing our economy.
The bill will also provide Washington&rsquo;s farmers and families with the stability and support they need to help grow our economy and bolster our agricultural industry, which employs 160,000 people in Washington state. And by assisting with the production and availability of fruits and vegetables, the bill will help keep healthy foods at affordable prices for families at supermarkets and farmers markets across the country.
I was honored to be the only member from Washington state on the Farm Bill Conference Committee and I fought for a number of provisions to help Washington&rsquo;s farmers and families.
Specifically, the final bill includes two provisions I authored: An Employment &amp; Training (E&amp;T) pilot that will create programs across the country - modeled after Washington state&rsquo;s Basic Food, Employment and Training (BFET), and an amendment that ensures states can be reimbursed for resources expended in another state while combating wildfires.
Rep. DelBene touring Skagit River Ranch outside of Sedro Woolley.
Overall, this Farm Bill reduces our national deficit by over $16 billion
while preserving a foundation of support that is vital to farmers and working families across the country. It eliminates direct payments for farmers, subsidies that were paid out regardless of whether or not farmers planted crops on their lands.
It&rsquo;s not an exaggeration to say that this is the strongest Farm Bill ever for our specialty crop farmers.
Specialty crops include berries, potatoes and other fruits and vegetables.
The bill includes unprecedented increases in funding for research and programs that will help Washington state&rsquo;s fruit and vegetable growers such as Specialty Crop Block Grants and the Specialty Crop Research Initiative. It also reauthorizes important trade promotion programs that will help open up new markets for our farmers. I&rsquo;m proud that the
Farm Bill includes $200 million to fund my proposal to expand job-training and continuing education programs for Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) recipients to learn the skills they need to get a good-paying job. The programs funded by this initiative will be modeled on Washington state&rsquo;s highly successful BFET program, demonstrating again our state&rsquo;s leadership in helping expand economic opportunity for our most vulnerable. Over the next three years, up to 10 pilot programs based on BFET will be established across the country.
The Farm Bill also includes $410 million for a one-year extension of the Payment in Lieu of Taxes (PILT) program, which helps rural counties with significant federal lands in their jurisdictions fund basic local services such as education and law enforcement. In addition, the bill includes a great deal of funding for conservation programs that will preserve natural habitats and protect our waterways and natural resources.
Rep. DelBene joined a Farm Roundtable at Ninety Farms in Arlington .
While there are many positive things about the Farm Bill, like any compromise, it isn&rsquo;t perfect and no one received everything they wanted. I&rsquo;m disappointed the bill included reforms that will reduce nutrition assistance funding at a time when the need is still high. The $40 billion in cuts to SNAP originally proposed by House leadership would have ended nutrition assistance for nearly 4 million people, and these cuts were rejected in the final bill. I fought hard against
these harsh cuts and was successful in ensuring that the Farm Bill did not eliminate SNAP eligibility for anyone still in need. I am also disappointed in the removal of dairy reforms that were initially included in the bill. These reforms would have helped our dairy farmers and consumers, protecting them from spikes in milk prices.
This bill is an improvement for our dairy farmers and will protect consumers, but falls short of addressing the whole problem.
Overall, this Farm Bill represents years of hard work from a bipartisan coalition of lawmakers, farmers and stakeholders from across the country that culminates in a law that is good for our farmers and families. It is a major accomplishment that will create jobs and help our farmers while preserving our access to quality, healthy food.
Sincerely,
Suzan
Here are some of the many provisions that will benefit Washington state:
$200 million to establish the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) Employment &amp; Training (E&amp;T) pilot program that is modeled after Washington state&rsquo;s successful program: Basic Food, Employment and Training (BFET). Over the next three years, this funding will expand job-training programs for SNAP recipients, establishing pilot programs based on BFET in up to 10 states.
An additional $20 million per year in additional support to food banks for The Emergency Food Assistance Program (TEFAP).
Provides the biggest investments in specialty crops (fruits and vegetables) and organic farming in Farm Bill history, including: $800 million for the Specialty Crop Research Initiative, $100 million for organic research, and $375 million for Specialty Crop Block Grants.
Creates a Pulse School Pilot program, authored by Senator Maria Cantwell (D-WA), to enable the U.S. Department of Agriculture to use more healthy chickpeas, peas and lentils as a protein source for school meals. Also creates the Pulse Crop Health Initiative which launches a study to officially establish the nutritional benefits of chickpeas, peas, beans and lentils.
Maintains stable investments in the Market Access Program and Foreign Market Development Program, which Washington farmers have used to increase exports of pears, apples, wine and other food products.
$879 million in additional mandatory funding for alternative energy programs including the Rural Energy for American Program.
Expansion of crop insurance to provide a safety net for farmers, including a new shallow-loss crop insurance program, an extension of crop insurance to cover organic crops, and a new program for weather-based crop insurance focused on underserved specialty crops.
Please do not reply to this e-mail address. To respond to this message, please click
here .
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington, D.C. Office
318 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
phone: (202) 225-6311
fax: (202) 226-1606
hours: M-F 9-5:30pm
Bothell District Office
Canyon Park Business Center,
22121 17th Ave SE, Bldg E,
Suite 220
Bothell, WA 98021
phone: (425) 485-0085
fax: (425) 485-0083
hours: M-F 8:30am-5pm
Mount Vernon District Office
204 W. Montgomery Street
Mount Vernon, WA 98273
Phone: (360) 416-7879
Click Here
to be removed from this list
