 in support of her legislative proposal to prevent Asian carp from invading the Great Lakes:
We in the United States have a responsibility to conduct responsible stewardship of our Great Lakes, particularly we from Michigan
the Great Lakes State.
But this responsibility is not ours alone; it is a responsibility that we share with our friends and neighbors in Canada.
The water of the Great Lakes does not know whether it is in American or Canadian waters and actions taken on either side of the border affect both nations.
That is why I have always been vocal about actions being taken on the Canadian side of the border, including harmful chemical spills coming from Chemical Valley near Sarnia or the potential shipment of nuclear material down the Great Lakes. In many of these instances, the position of the United States was taken into account and helped to prompt action on the Canadian side of the border.
Now, we are facing the serious threat of Asian Carp entering the Great Lakes because of a century-old mistake connecting the Mississippi River watershed and the Great Lakes.
The entry of Asian Carp into the Great Lakes would wreak untold damage to the ecosystems and economies on both sides of the border.
And the only way to definitively stop this threat is a complete hydrological separation of the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River system.
That is why I introduced H.R. 4001, The Defending Against Aquatic Invasive Species Act of 2014, which would authorize such a separation.
As a member of Congress I had the opportunity to join a group called the American-Canadian Intra-Parliamentary Exchange which brings together American and Canadian lawmakers to discuss issues of importance to both of our nations.
I joined this group not only because Canada is our nations largest trading partner and our economies are so dependent upon each other, but also because responsible stewardship of the Great Lakes has always been one of my top priorities and this challenge cannot be accomplished without international cooperation.
Now several Canadian lawmakers are calling on America to take action to deal with the Asian Carp threat to the Great Lakes, specifically urging support for my legislation.
If we expect those in Canada to pay attention to voices in America about threats to the Great Lakes emanating from their side of the border, we have a responsibility to give thoughtful consideration to their voices as well.
I welcome the Canadians input, and I am hopeful that support for my legislation will continue to grow so that we can actually make progress in tackling this threat to our precious Great Lakes.
Background:
Since the 1990s, the U.S. has been working to stop Asian carp migrating up the Mississippi River watershed from invading and destroying ecosystems.
Earlier this year, the Army Corps released a report
to Congress outlining eight options to prevent the invasive species from entering the Great Lakes.
A recent study
conducted by the University of Notre Dame, the U.S. Forest Service and Resources for the Future identified the complete separation of the two watersheds as the most likely option to succeed.
According to the study, a complete physical separation would prevent 95-100 percent of Asian carp from entering Lake Michigan.
Rep.
Millers legislation, the Defending Against Aquatic Invasive Species Act of 2014 (H.R. 4001), authorizes the Secretary of the Army to completely separate the hydrologic connection between the Mississippi River and Lake Michigan, preventing the invasive species from invading the Great Lakes. If enacted, the legislation would require the Secretary to start designing the project within 180 days in consultation with important stakeholders including the governors of the surrounding states and the Great Lakes Commission. Once completed, the Secretary would have another 180 days to start construction.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Canadian Members of Parliament Express Support for Rep. Millers Legislation to Stop Asian Carp from Entering Great Lakes
Feb 7, 2014
WASHINGTON
Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) issued the following statement after Canadian
Members of Parliament Larry Miller and Patricia Davidson issued
statements
in support of her legislative proposal to prevent Asian carp from invading the Great Lakes:
We in the United States have a responsibility to conduct responsible stewardship of our Great Lakes, particularly we from Michigan
the Great
Lakes State.
But this responsibility is not ours alone; it is a responsibility that we share with our friends and neighbors in Canada.
The water of the Great Lakes does not know whether it is in American or Canadian waters and actions taken on either side
of the border affect both nations.
That is why I have always been vocal about actions being taken on the Canadian side of the border, including harmful chemical spills coming from Chemical Valley near Sarnia or the potential shipment of nuclear material down
the Great Lakes. In many of these instances, the position of the United States was taken into account and helped to prompt action on the Canadian side of the border.
Now, we are facing the serious threat of Asian Carp entering the Great Lakes because of a century-old mistake connecting the Mississippi River
watershed and the Great Lakes.
The entry of Asian Carp into the Great Lakes would wreak untold damage to the ecosystems and economies on both sides of the border.
And the only way to definitively stop this threat is a complete hydrological separation of
the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River system.
That is why I introduced H.R. 4001, The Defending Against Aquatic Invasive Species Act of 2014, which would authorize such a separation.
As a member of Congress I had the opportunity to join a group called the American-Canadian Intra-Parliamentary Exchange which brings together
American and Canadian lawmakers to discuss issues of importance to both of our nations.
I joined this group not only because Canada is our nations largest trading partner and our economies are so dependent upon each other, but also because responsible stewardship
of the Great Lakes has always been one of my top priorities and this challenge cannot be accomplished without international cooperation.
Now several Canadian lawmakers are calling on America to take action to deal with the Asian Carp threat to the Great
Lakes, specifically urging support for my legislation.
If we expect those in Canada to pay attention to voices in America about threats to the Great Lakes emanating from their side of the border,
we have a responsibility to give thoughtful consideration to their voices as well.
I welcome the Canadians input, and I am hopeful that support for my legislation will continue to grow so that we can actually make progress
in tackling this threat to our precious Great Lakes.
Background :
Since the 1990s, the U.S. has been working to stop Asian carp migrating up the Mississippi River watershed from invading and destroying ecosystems.
Earlier this year, the Army Corps released a
report
to Congress outlining eight options to prevent the invasive species from entering the Great Lakes.
A recent
study
conducted by the University of Notre Dame, the U.S. Forest Service and Resources for the Future identified the complete separation of the two watersheds as the
most likely option to succeed.
According to the study, a complete physical separation would prevent 95-100 percent of Asian carp from entering Lake Michigan.
Rep.
Millers legislation, the Defending Against Aquatic Invasive Species Act of 2014 (H.R. 4001), authorizes
the Secretary of the Army to completely separate the hydrologic connection between the Mississippi River and Lake Michigan, preventing the invasive species from invading the Great Lakes. If enacted, the legislation would require the Secretary to start designing
the project within 180 days in consultation with important stakeholders including the governors of the surrounding states and the Great Lakes Commission. Once completed, the Secretary would have another 180 days to start construction.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
