
Monday, January 20, 2014
WEBSITE
|
SUBSCRIBE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Friend,
Today we honor a highly influential American hero, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
In 1963, Dr. King wrote in his Letter from Birmingham City Jail that Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed.
As we celebrate Dr. Kings achievements and our nations progress in civil rights law and mindset, it is my hope that we can rededicate ourselves to fight for all essential American freedoms, like:
the freedom to equal protection under the law;
the freedom to fair treatment in the workplace;
the freedom to attain an effective education;
the freedom to provide fully for our families through hard work;
the freedom to fair and safe housing;
the freedom to health care that is affordable;
the freedom to a secure retirement for those who have earned it; and
the freedom of political expression and to vote in elections unencumbered.
While great advances to end state-sanctioned discrimination have been made in the years since Dr. Kings personal leadership and sacrifice, the work of his remarkable life is not over.
Just last year, the Supreme Court changed the Voting Rights Act in a way that spurred many states to enact new voter ID laws.
While no one objects to reasonable efforts to prevent actual voter fraud, when that exists, ID laws should never be used to drive down the number of legal votes cast by the poor, the young, and minorities.
Pennsylvanias new law in this area has been ruled unconstitutional by a state intermediate court, and it is my hope that the integrity of our states elections can be protected without placing any barriers between citizens and the ballot box.
Perhaps the best way to honor Dr. King is to keep voices sounding for dignity and equality for all in a variety of areas of civic and community life.
In that way, each of us can play a part in keeping his Dream alive.
Sincerely,
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
