
Click here to open a plain
text version of this email
Constituent Services
Issues &
Legislation
Newsroom
About Ohio
About Rob
Connect
Bringing Missing Children Home Act	Your Tax Dollars...Down the
Drain	Preserving Dayton's Aviation History
Like the worst kind of predator, sex traffickers tend to go after
children who are at risk. Most trafficked youth in the United States
have been in and out of the child welfare system. Many of these
children are runaways. They are the missing. They have no one to stand
up for them and no one to fight for them. That is why it is imperative
that we give child welfare agencies and the law enforcement community
the tools they need to combat child sex trafficking.
I authored the Bringing Missing Children Home Act
, which among other things,
improves law enforcement reporting and response procedures in cases of
missing children. By refining and streamlining how cases of missing
children are handled, we can begin to reduce the number of children who
are at risk of trafficking and give them an opportunity to live happy,
normal lives.
Watch my interview on this effort here
.
Our monthly government waste example
is the incredibly high level of mispayments under the Earned Income Tax
Credit (EITC), a federal spending program whose benefits are
distributed through the income tax code.
For 27 million families, the
EITC provides a cash subsidy that usually grows as their work income
grows. It is an important way to help working families, but that does
not mean it is run efficiently.
The waste figures are remarkable, even by government standards.
A
recent government audit
found that Washington has made as much as $132 billion in improper EITC
payments over the past decade - totaling approximately 25 percent of
all EITC spending.
That's enough to send every family in America a
check for $1,000.
In his State of the Union address on Tuesday night, the President
called to expand the program to help families struggling to make ends
meet. Although this is a noble goal, we must first work to eliminate
the abundant abuse in the program.
If we don't, the funds won't go to
those who need them most, and we'll continue to pile on to our historic
debt and weigh down future generations.
I recently joined with Congressman Mike Turner to fight for Air Force
One at the National Museum of the United States Air Force (NMUSAF) in
Dayton. The museum currently houses SAM 26000, which served as Air
Force One for multiple presidents. The LBJ Presidential Library in
Austin, Texas had expressed interest in relocating the plane to its
facility.
After writing a letter to the Secretary of the Air Force, I received
assurances that the Air Force plans to permanently house the plane in
Dayton. Keeping this aircraft in Dayton will ensure it continues to be
exposed to the greatest number of visitors as part of the museum's
renowned Presidential Aircraft Gallery.
Click here
to watch a report on the Air Force One exhibit at
the museum.
To learn more about visiting the NMUSAF, click here
.
Turning the President's Words into a Year of Action
Watch my interview about the State of the Union address on CNBC's
Squawk Box here
.
In this week's State of the Union address, President Obama talked about
a year of action to restore an opportunity society, one where every
American can pursue his or her dreams. I couldn't agree more with the
goal, but I disagree with most of the President's ideas about how to
get there. We have tried the top down approach of more government, more
regulations, more spending and record debt, and it hasn't worked.
The President did talk about a few areas where we could make progress
if he is willing to build on common ground between Republicans and
Democrats to break through the gridlock and create more opportunity.
The President mentioned the need for more skills training. I agree that
we can do a better job getting workers the skills they need to take
advantage of the jobs that are available. In Ohio, there are about
400,000 unemployed workers at the same time that 100,000 jobs remain
open and unfilled. For too many Americans, the only jobs that are
available are those they don't have the skills and qualifications to
fill. The effects ripple throughout our economy. There are federal
programs in place that are meant to help the unemployed get the skills
they need to find new jobs, but they aren't working. I have proposed
bipartisan legislation that would combine and simplify those programs,
while redirecting resources to better match skills with available jobs.
The President also talked about an all-of-the-above energy policy. That
policy should include energy efficiency proposals like the bipartisan,
pro-growth Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness Act. This
legislation will make it easier for employers to use energy efficient
tools that reduce their costs, enabling them to put those savings
toward expanding their companies and hiring new workers. But a true
all-of-the-above energy policy also means taking advantage of all our
domestic energy resources, even those the President frequently maligns
like coal, natural gas, and oil. Instead of fighting a war on coal and
piling on new regulations that will prevent new cleaner coal plants
from ever being built, we should embrace the economic opportunities
that coal presents. We should also foster the growing boom in natural
gas by ensuring that government overreach does not interfere with
innovative technologies like fracking and horizontal drilling. And we
should continue to expand domestic oil production. We should do more to
facilitate safe and environmentally sound oil exploration on federal
lands, and we should finally approve the Keystone XL Pipeline.
At the start of the speech, the President said we needed to reform our
broken corporate tax code to bring back jobs. Both parties agree reform
is necessary. It's complicated. It's riddled with loopholes. And worst
of all, it drives jobs and investment overseas. I was concerned that
the President seemed to backtrack on his earlier commitment that such
reform would not increase taxes but rather close loopholes and lower
rates. I do hope that we can work with the President to make our tax
code one that works for the American worker, not against them.
Finally, the President talked about the need to pass the Trade
Promotion Authority (TPA) to negotiate new trade agreements that expand
American exports and spur the creation of thousands of jobs. We only
have trade agreements with twenty countries, and together they
represent only ten percent of the global economy. Yet 46 percent of our
exports go to these countries. New agreements mean more exports, and
that means more jobs.
If the President were to engage with Congress on these four bipartisan
proposals to increase opportunity, he could translate his words from
the State of the Union into action. It will take his leadership, and if
he provides that, I believe both sides can come together and find
common ground. Much more needs to be done-on the debt, health care
costs, K-12 education, and many other issues. But let's get started
where we can. Republicans are ready and the American people need our
help.
The President talked about a year of action. Let's hope he is willing
to work with Congress to turn his words into reforms that will help the
American people.
STAY CONNECTED
Recent Visits Around Ohio
Speaking at the 29th Annual MLK Day Breakfast in Columbus to celebrate
the life and example of a great leader.
With the 121st Air Refueling Wing at Rickenbacker Air National Guard
Base in Columbus.
Visiting Ohio University's Innovation Center in Athens. Here with a
startup that began with three employees and is now at 13 and still
growing.
Visiting with the team at Ohio University's Institute for Corrosion &
Multiphase Technology. They are working to solve corrosion issues
impacting Ohio's growing energy industry.
Congratulated the Class of 2014 Service Academy Nominees in Columbus.
Among the best and the brightest from Ohio.
After the President's State of the Union address, do you feel better or
worse about the direction of our country?
Better
Worse
Click to open
Unsubscribe
Contact Me
Office Locations
Click here to open this e-mail in its own browser window
Click here to open a plain text version of this email
COMMENT - If the HTML editor you wish to paste into does not allow body or header tags, select all content between the TAGS "
" and "
"
Constituent
Services Issues
&amp; Legislation Newsroom About
Ohio About
Rob Connect Bringing
Missing Children Home Act Your
Tax Dollars...Down the Drain Preserving
Dayton's Aviation History
Like
the worst kind of predator, sex traffickers tend to go after children who are at risk. Most trafficked
youth in the United States have been in and out of the child welfare system.
Many
of these children are runaways. They are the missing. They have no one to stand up for them and no one
to fight for them.
That is why it is imperative
that we give child welfare agencies and the law enforcement community the tools they need to combat child
sex trafficking.
I authored the
Bringing
Missing Children Home Act , which among other things, improves law enforcement reporting and response
procedures in cases of missing children. By refining and streamlining how cases of missing children are
handled, we can begin to reduce the number of children who are at risk of trafficking and give them an
opportunity to live happy, normal lives.
Watch my interview on
this effort
here .
Our
monthly
government waste example
is the incredibly high level of mispayments under the Earned Income Tax
Credit (EITC),
a federal spending program
whose benefits are distributed through the income tax code.
For 27 million families, the EITC provides
a cash subsidy that usually grows as their work income grows. It is an important way to help working
families, but that does not mean it is run efficiently.
The waste figures are
remarkable, even by government standards.
A recent government
audit
found that Washington has made as much as $132 billion in improper EITC payments over the past decade
-
totaling approximately 25 percent of all EITC spending .
That&#8217;s enough
to send every family in America a check for $1,000.
In
his State of the Union address on Tuesday night, the President called to expand the program to help families
struggling to make ends meet. Although this is a noble goal, we must first work to eliminate the abundant
abuse in the program.
If we don&#8217;t, the funds won&#8217;t go to those who need them most,
and we&#8217;ll continue to pile on to our historic debt and weigh down future generations.
I recently joined with
Congressman Mike Turner to fight for Air Force One at the National Museum of the United States Air Force
(NMUSAF) in Dayton. The museum currently houses SAM 26000, which served as Air Force One for multiple
presidents. The LBJ Presidential Library in Austin, Texas had expressed interest in relocating the
plane to its facility.
After writing a letter
to the Secretary of the Air Force, I received assurances that the Air Force plans to permanently house
the plane in Dayton. Keeping this aircraft in Dayton will ensure it continues to be exposed to the greatest
number of visitors as part of the museum's renowned Presidential Aircraft Gallery.
Click
here
to watch a report on the Air Force One exhibit at the museum.
To learn more about
visiting the NMUSAF, click
here .
Turning the President's Words into a Year of Action
Watch my interview about the
State of the Union address on
CNBC's
Squawk
Box
here .
In this week&#8217;s
State of the Union address, President Obama talked about a year of action to restore an opportunity society,
one where every American can pursue his or her dreams. I couldn't agree more with the goal, but I disagree
with most of the President&#8217;s ideas about how to get there. We have tried the top down approach
of more government, more regulations, more spending and record debt, and it hasn&#8217;t worked.
The President did talk
about a few areas where we could make progress if he is willing to build on common ground between Republicans
and Democrats to break through the gridlock and create more opportunity.
The President mentioned
the need for more skills training. I agree that we can do a better job getting workers the skills they
need to take advantage of the jobs that are available. In Ohio, there are about 400,000 unemployed workers
at the same time that 100,000 jobs remain open and unfilled. For too many Americans, the only jobs that
are available are those they don&#8217;t have the skills and qualifications to fill. The effects ripple
throughout our economy. There are federal programs in place that are meant to help the unemployed get
the skills they need to find new jobs, but they aren&#8217;t working. I have proposed bipartisan legislation
that would combine and simplify those programs, while redirecting resources to better match skills with
available jobs.
The President also talked
about an all-of-the-above energy policy. That policy should include energy efficiency proposals like
the bipartisan, pro-growth Energy Savings and Industrial Competitiveness Act. This legislation will make
it easier for employers to use energy efficient tools that reduce their costs, enabling them to put those
savings toward expanding their companies and hiring new workers. But a true all-of-the-above energy policy
also means taking advantage of all our domestic energy resources, even those the President frequently
maligns like coal, natural gas, and oil. Instead of fighting a war on coal and piling on new regulations
that will prevent new cleaner coal plants from ever being built, we should embrace the economic opportunities
that coal presents. We should also foster the growing boom in natural gas by ensuring that government
overreach does not interfere with innovative technologies like fracking and horizontal drilling. And
we should continue to expand domestic oil production. We should do more to facilitate safe and environmentally
sound oil exploration on federal lands, and we should finally approve the Keystone XL Pipeline.
At the start of the
speech, the President said we needed to reform our broken corporate tax code to bring back jobs. Both
parties agree reform is necessary. It&#8217;s complicated. It&#8217;s riddled with loopholes. And worst
of all, it drives jobs and investment overseas. I was concerned that the President seemed to backtrack
on his earlier commitment that such reform would not increase taxes but rather close loopholes and lower
rates. I do hope that we can work with the President to make our tax code one that works for the American
worker, not against them.
Finally, the
President talked about the need to pass the Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) to negotiate new trade agreements
that expand American exports and spur the creation of thousands of jobs. We only have trade agreements
with twenty countries, and together they represent only ten percent of the global economy. Yet 46
percent of our exports go to these countries. New agreements mean more exports, and that means more jobs.
If the President were
to engage with Congress on these four bipartisan proposals to increase opportunity, he could translate
his words from the State of the Union into action. It will take his leadership, and if he provides that,
I believe both sides can come together and find common ground. Much more needs to be done&#8212;on the
debt, health care costs, K-12 education, and many other issues. But let&#8217;s get started where we
can. Republicans are ready and the American people need our help.
The President talked
about a year of action. Let&#8217;s hope he is willing to work with Congress to turn his words into reforms
that will help the American people.
STAY CONNECTED
Recent Visits
Around Ohio
Speaking at the 29th
Annual MLK Day Breakfast in Columbus to celebrate the life and example of a great leader.
With
the 121st Air Refueling Wing at Rickenbacker Air National Guard Base in Columbus.
Visiting Ohio University&#8217;s
Innovation Center in Athens. Here with a startup that began with three employees and is now at 13 and
still growing.
Visiting with the team
at Ohio University's Institute for Corrosion &amp; Multiphase Technology. They are working to solve
corrosion issues impacting Ohio's growing energy industry.
Congratulated the Class
of 2014 Service Academy Nominees in Columbus. Among the best and the brightest from Ohio.
After the President's State of the Union address, do you feel better or worse about the direction of our country?
Better
Worse
Click to open
Unsubscribe Contact
Me Office
Locations
