
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Hoosier Seniors Should Not Pay for Obamacare
The Obama Administration recently announced new proposed rates for
Medicare Advantage plans. On top of cuts these plans saw under
Obamacare, the administration is proposing more reductions to Medicare
Advantage.
These additional cuts will make it difficult for many Hoosier seniors
to keep the benefits, plan and doctors of their choosing. According to
estimates by the Kaiser Family Foundation, nationwide over half a
million Medicare Advantage enrollees will lose their existing coverage
in 2014.
In Indiana alone, there are over 230,000 Hoosiers enrolled in a
Medicare Advantage plan. The administration is cutting billions of
dollars from Medicare Advantage - an extremely popular program - to pay
for Obamacare, an unpopular program that is falling well short of
enrollment expectations.
This is another broken promise from the Obama Administration. Despite
the president's promise that if you like your health care plan you can
keep your plan, these seniors may have to either switch to another
Medicare Advantage plan, if one is available in their area, or return
to traditional Medicare.
The administration should keep its promise to seniors and reverse these
proposed cuts to Medicare Advantage.
Click here
or on
the image above to watch me discuss this issue on the Senate floor.
_____
Actions on Iran
Back when Iran had only 700 centrifuges spinning to enrich uranium, the
international community determined that this behavior was simply too
dangerous to tolerate. The United Nations Security Council began
passing resolutions demanding that Iran stop these activities
completely.
In many ways, it was the Senate that led the United States to begin the
careful and painstaking process of amassing the international coalition
that backed tough sanctions on the Iranian regime. The entire effort
was devoted to ending Iranian enrichment activities with a consensus
that nuclear weapon possession or capability posed unacceptable
consequences.
Today that goal is nowhere in sight. The interim agreement the Obama
Administration reached with Iran explicitly concedes to the Iranians
their right to continue enrichment activities with only meager
limitations that can be reversed in an instant.
Iran came to the negotiating table because of economic sanctions forged
in the Senate. Yet the administration has begun to negotiate away this
effective tool without any certainty that Iran will completely abandon
its nuclear ambitions. The American government must refocus on the need
to eliminate Iran's nuclear infrastructure as a part of any final
agreement.
At this critical juncture, the Senate should be allowed to openly
debate what the next steps should be. A majority of senators are
backing bipartisan legislation that would restore our leverage during
negotiations with Iran. I am supporting this bill - the Nuclear
Weapon-Free Iran Act - which would impose further sanctions on Iran
should its government reverse course on prior commitments to refrain
from enriching uranium to levels that would support a nuclear weapon.
Click here
or on the image above to watch me discuss this
issue on the Senate floor.
Coats in the News
Sen. Coats: Ironic Obama speaks in Minn. on creating jobs
Coats score well with ACU
Coats, Donnelly react to troop drawdown
WLFI: Talking with our U.S. Senators
Coats Column: Medical Devices Tax Costing Jobs In Indiana
_____
Stay Connected
_____
Coats with Hoosiers
I had the great privilege of meeting Spencer Hahn from Indianapolis
this week. He is one of two youth selected by the American Alliance of
Museums to serve as a 2014 Great American Museum Advocate.
I met with representatives of the YMCA in Michiana and the Greater Fort
Wayne areas to discuss health initiatives in their communities.
I enjoyed visiting with Kennedy-Lugar Youth Exchange international
students enrolled in Indiana schools during this academic year.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
A message
from Senator Dan Coats
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Hoosier Seniors Should Not Pay for Obamacare
The Obama Administration recently announced new proposed rates for Medicare Advantage plans. On
top of cuts these plans saw under Obamacare, the administration is proposing more reductions to Medicare
Advantage.
These
additional cuts will make it difficult for many Hoosier seniors to keep the benefits, plan and doctors
of their choosing. According to estimates by the Kaiser Family Foundation, nationwide over half a million
Medicare Advantage enrollees will lose their existing coverage in 2014.
In Indiana
alone, there are over 230,000 Hoosiers enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan. The administration is cutting
billions of dollars from Medicare Advantage &#8211; an extremely popular program &#8211; to pay for Obamacare,
an unpopular program that is falling well short of enrollment expectations.
This
is another broken promise from the Obama Administration. Despite the president&#8217;s promise that if
you like your health care plan you can keep your plan, these seniors may have to either switch to another
Medicare Advantage plan, if one is available in their area, or return to traditional Medicare.
The administration
should keep its promise to seniors and reverse these proposed cuts to Medicare Advantage.
Click
here
or on the
image
above to watch me discuss this issue on the Senate floor.
Actions
on Iran
Back
when Iran had only 700 centrifuges spinning to enrich uranium, the international community determined
that this behavior was simply too dangerous to tolerate. The United Nations Security Council began passing
resolutions demanding that Iran stop these activities completely.
In
many ways, it was the Senate that led the United States to begin the careful and painstaking process
of amassing the international coalition that backed tough sanctions on the Iranian regime. The entire
effort was devoted to ending Iranian enrichment activities with a consensus that nuclear weapon possession
or capability posed unacceptable consequences.
Today that goal is
nowhere in sight. The interim agreement the Obama Administration reached with Iran explicitly concedes
to the Iranians their right to continue enrichment activities with only meager limitations that can be
reversed in an instant.
Iran came to the negotiating table because of economic
sanctions forged in the Senate. Yet the administration has begun to negotiate away this effective tool
without any certainty that Iran will completely abandon its nuclear ambitions. The American government
must refocus on the need to eliminate Iran&#8217;s nuclear infrastructure as a part of any final agreement.
At this critical juncture, the Senate should be
allowed to openly debate what the next steps should be. A majority of senators are backing bipartisan
legislation that would restore our leverage during negotiations with Iran. I am supporting this bill
&#8211; the Nuclear Weapon-Free Iran Act &#8211; which would impose further sanctions on Iran should
its government reverse course on prior commitments to refrain from enriching uranium to levels that would
support a nuclear weapon.
Click
here
or
on the image above to watch me discuss this issue on the Senate floor.
Coats
in the News
Sen.
Coats: Ironic Obama speaks in Minn. on creating jobs
Coats
score well with ACU
Coats,
Donnelly react to troop drawdown
WLFI:
Talking with our U.S. Senators
Coats
Column: Medical Devices Tax Costing Jobs In Indiana
Stay
Connected
Coats with Hoosiers
I had the great privilege of
meeting Spencer Hahn from Indianapolis this week. He is one of two youth selected by the American Alliance
of Museums to serve as a 2014 Great American Museum Advocate.
I met with representatives of the YMCA in Michiana and the Greater Fort Wayne areas to discuss
health initiatives in their communities.
I
enjoyed visiting with Kennedy-Lugar Youth Exchange international students enrolled in Indiana schools
during this academic year.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
