
Monday February 24, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Flood Insurance: Real Relief, Lasting Reforms
In Case You
Missed It...
WLOX:
Long-overdue recognition for Montford Point Marines
Sun Herald:
Mississippi congressman Palazzo honored for his work for National Guard
Gulflive:
House flood vote set for Wednesday
Picayune Item:
Palazzo touts Stennis as key to U.S. leadership in space
Insurance Journal:
Flood Insurance Premium Hikes from New Maps Could Be Delayed Until 2015
Friends,
This week, the House will vote on the most substantial flood insurance reforms since Biggert-Waters 2012. Our bill, H.R. 3370,
The Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act,
has been endorsed by the
American Bankers Association
and the
Gulf Coast Business Council . We worked extremely hard to find the right balance with this legislation, and to deliver
real relief
and
lasting reforms .
This bill means more
compassionate rates
and more
certainty
for homeowners and communities facing unreasonable flood insurance increases. And perhaps most importantly, it includes input from
everyday Mississippians , community leaders and industry experts. Here are just a few highlights:
Compassionate rate management
Repeals Section 207, reinstates grandfathered rates, makes
Palazzos delay
permanent
Gives policyholders more control to lower premiums through higher deductibles and mitigation
Caps yearly increases and uses new formulas that could save homeowners hundreds or thousands of dollars per year
Allows premiums to be paid in monthly installments, rather than in a yearly lump sum
Certainty
More than delays- permanent reforms give individuals and communities the certainty they need to plan
Repeals home sales trigger, retroactively refunds home sale increases, and ties premiums to properties, not people
Holds FEMA Accountable
Keeps FEMA from moving the goal posts on those who built back after Katrina
Requires FEMA to certify science behind mapping procedures
Expedites affordability study
Reimburses policyholders for successful map appeals
Creates advocate to assist policy holders
One of my biggest concerns has been that FEMA would use current policies to punish Mississippians who went to great effort and expense and followed all the rules to build back after Hurricane Katrina. Our new provision makes sure that does not happen.
I believe this bill is exactly what we need to ensure insurance remains affordable and available for those who need it, and
I will do everything in my power to ensure its passage.
As always, I welcome your feedback, and I encourage you to connect using my
website ,
twitter , and
facebook .
In Your Service,
Congressman Steven Palazzo
Above, Congressman Palazzo brings community leaders together to address flood insurance concerns with FEMA Administrator David Miller in August 2013.
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here