
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
February 10, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear
Friend,
Last week in Washington, some deeply troubling news
came out of the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office. It appears
that Obamacare will likely drive the equivalent of over two million
people from the labor force by the end of the decade. In a struggling
economy with an already contracted workforce, we dont need anything that
makes our job market smaller. The report also shows that Americans will
be losing income due to changes in subsidies and disincentives to
work.
It is time to repeal and replace Obamacare with
patient-centered reforms that actually help the American people and our
economy.
With this disturbing
news, America needs all of the quality jobs it can get. Thats why it
was encouraging to hear that the latest environmental reports show that
the Keystone Pipeline will not cause significant environmental harm.
Republicans and Democrats in Congress are calling to move forward with
Keystone.
Even the President's former Energy Secretary is calling
this decision "political". Billions of dollars of investment and tens of
thousands of jobs are at stake. It is time for the President to stop
dragging his feet and to make this project
happen.
Republicans
in the House are doing everything we can to help create jobs and turn
this economy around. However, as I shared in my most recent national
op-ed, more and more citizens are realizing that America is suffering
under a do-nothing Senate. This broken and dysfunctional Democrat Senate
has created numerous disasters for the American people, and not just
Obamacare. They also passed the trillion dollar so-called Stimulus
Act, refused for four years to pass a Budget, and allowed the President
to balloon the national debt in five short years from $10 trillion to
$17
trillion.
Our country deserves better. Bills that would grow our
economy and put millions of our friends and neighbors back to work
should never die in the abyss of the Democrat Senate. It is critical for
every single American to let Senate Democrats know that theyre sick
and tired of the do-nothing Senate.
It is an honor to serve you
in
Congress.
Sincerely,
What's Happening in
Washington
DC?
On Monday, February 3rd, I joined my House
colleagues in voting for H.R. 357 the G.I. Bill Tuition Fairness Act. The
bill will allow G.I. Bill recipients to receive in-state tuition rates at
any public college or university in the country, not just those in
their state of residence. The bill will also enhance veterans benefits
and bring more accountability and efficiency to the Department of
Veterans Affairs. For more information on the bill, please click
HERE .
On
Wednesday, February 5th, I voted for H.R. 3590 the Sportsmens Heritage and
Recreational Enhancement Act. This bipartisan legislation protects
the traditional rights of American sportsmen to fish and hunt, removes
government roadblocks and red tape, and promotes American job creation
and economic growth by supporting recreational opportunities on
federal lands. The Fifth Congressional District is home to some of the best
outdoor hunting and fishing that America has to offer. This
legislation prevents President Obama and the EPA from overreaching and
attempting to regulate ammunition and fishing tackle. Our public lands are open
until closed. No bureaucrats in Washington should be making
legislation blocking hunting and fishing activities. This legislation is an
important step in eliminating threats to these great recreational
pastimes. For more information on the bill, please click
HERE .
Also on Wednesday, February 5th, I spoke out
on the House Floor against the burdensome regulatory practices of the
EPA. The EPAs continued power grab takes legislative authority out of
the hands of those that are sent to Washington to represent you and
puts it in the hands of appointed bureaucrats carrying out the agenda
and policies of the White House. I have cosponsored numerous bills to
repeal some of these regulations piece by piece to ensure affordable
energy for America.
View my Floor
remarks
HERE
Last week, I chaired an important
oversight hearing of my Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee regarding
Energy in America: BLMs Red-Tape Run Around and its Impact on American
Energy Production.
View my Opening
Statement
HERE
Interesting
Articles
Obama Flirts With Losing the "Must Win"
War
Why the West Must Join the Ukraine
Protests
The Imperial Presidency of Barack
Obama
Dancing in the Nuclear
Dark
In Other
News...
Many of us in Congress are troubled that
the Obama administration is unduly pressuring Israel into making
far-reaching concessions in peace talks with the Palestinians. These are
concessions which will be detrimental to its long-term security, and
which are likely to backfire. Please click
HERE
to read Pressure our enemies, not our friends my
latest op-ed in the Jerusalem Post.
America is
suffering under a do-nothing Senate that has become a productivity
graveyard. President Obama signed only 16 Senate bills into law in 2013.
Since summer, while House Republicans have allowed minority Democrats
to offer 71 recorded amendments, Senate Democrats have allowed
Republicans only four. Please click
HERE
to read America suffers under a do-nothing Senate running
nationally in
The Hill
and
National Review
and locally
in
The
Colorado Springs
Gazette .
In Case You Missed It: Please click
HERE
to listen to my interview with local
program Common Sense Radio. We touched on multiple topics including the
State of the Union, the recent budget deal, and the Farm
Bill.
Happy
Birthday to one of our greatest presidents, Ronald Reagan! He was truly a
giant of history and a tremendously inspirational leader. It was an
honor to meet his son Michael last week in Washington
DC.
It was a pleasure meeting with Air Force
constituents Major Diana Sorensen, Lieutenant Colonel Tara Nolan, and
Lieutenant Colonel Tammy Burtschi in Washington last week. I am
grateful for their service to our country.
In this new year, it is important to recognize the good
that has been accomplished by the House Republican
Majority.
Top Tweets
If you would like to follow me on twitter
please find me at
@RepDLamborn
What Say
You?
One of the most important things I can do is listen to my
constituents. My staff and I get thousands of phone calls, emails,
letters, and social media postings every week. Here is a sampling of what
you are saying.
On
my
Facebook
this week constituents shared their thoughts on
the burdensome regulatory practices of the
EPA:
Brian
Commander
-
Congressman, you need to enact a bill to
abolish the EPA!
Jim Mallette
-
Don't fund the EPA, they are
not working in the best interests of America!
Allen
Lofton
- The EPA has some legitimate responsibilites,
but unfortunately they have become political pawns of the radical
environmentalists.
Topher Taylor
- Bureaucracy is out of control. Why
is the EPA allowed to enforce laws with constantly changing and
literally made-up terminology?
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055
|
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT
OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista,
CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719)
520-0840
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
