
Friday, January 31, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Moving Forward Together
Rep. Murphy joins fellow members of his bipartisan United Solutions Caucus before the State of the Union, showing their commitment to bipartisanship to move our country forward.
While Washington still has a lot of work to do to move past the political dysfunction of the last few years, Congress at long last put partisanship aside to come together on two important pieces of legislation to start off 2014 on bipartisan footing
the bipartisan omnibus spending bill and the FARM bill.
This week, I voted in favor of the bipartisan FARM bill, which directs policies that support our nation's farmers and nutrition assistance programs. This important bill makes smart investments in much-needed agricultural research, which is essential to the well-being of our local citrus industry that is currently plagued by citrus greening. The local citrus industry will greatly benefit from funding included in the bill for specialty crops, including $125 million for citrus greening research funding. This funding is in addition to the $20 million that was allocated through the recent bipartisan omnibus for the USDA's emergency response team on citrus greening. ( Click here
to read more about this initiative . )
The FARM bill also supports vital regional conservation efforts that will assist area farmers with water storage projects and encourages more participation in these efforts that can help improve the health of our local waterways. Furthermore, the bill makes long overdue reforms to save American taxpayers tens of billions of dollars. ( To learn more about the FARM bill,
click here . )
While these and many other provisions in the FARM bill are major wins for our local economy, as with any compromise, there were policies included that I do not agree with. I remain concerned by cuts to vital food assistance for low-income families and children but was pleased to see these cuts were not as deep as originally proposed. I am happy that the legislation provides critical support for food banks and community food projects.
I also recently supported the omnibus spending bill to fund the government through the remainder of the fiscal year, which passed the House of Representatives with broad bipartisan support. This bill puts in place a long-term funding measure that reduces our deficit by $23 billion by balancing smart investments with responsible cuts and tackling waste, fraud, and abuse. With this agreement, American families and businesses no longer have to fear another harmful government shutdown and are provided with much-needed stability.
This bill also includes additional funding for the Army Corps of Engineers, which will allow more projects to move forward expeditiously. ( To learn more about how the budget will impact Florida's 18th district,
click here . )
Although neither of these compromise bills were perfect, it is great to see Congress finally working together to move our country forward.
When women succeed, America succeeds
Five years ago, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay
Act was signed into law, which took an important step towards ending workplace discrimination.
Unfortunately, women still make only a fraction of what men earn for the same work. This is unconscionable.
This isn't just a women's issue. It's not a Republican or Democrat issue.
It's an economic issue and an equality issue. While we recognize the fifth anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, let us rededicate ourselves to finishing this fight for paycheck fairness for all Americans by passing the Paycheck Fairness Act, which I am proud to support.
Supporting Our Veterans
Protecting the men and women who serve in the Armed Forces and sacrifice so much for our country continues to be one of my top priorities. For that reason, I am pleased that the recent bipartisan omnibus spending bill included important provisions that support veterans, service members, and their families.
The omnibus repeals some of the misguided cuts to cost-of-living adjustments (COLAs) for disabled military retirees and survivors that were included in the Bipartisan Budget Agreement last year. At the same time, the bill increases funding to address the VA disability claims backlog.
Committed to protecting our nation's veterans and the benefits they have earned through their service to our nation, I have been pushing for legislation to eliminate all cuts to military retiree COLAs and have been leading efforts to prioritize reducing the VA backlog. While not fully resolving these pressing issues, provisions in the omnibus indicate progress and show Congress support for addressing these problems.
Click here
to learn more .
Protecting Local Homeowners
The omnibus also provides relief through October for some homeowners facing exorbitant flood insurance rate hikes and includes additional funding for FEMA to redraw flood maps accurately and fairly. Faulty maps would erroneously hike rates for homeowners in our area.
While a positive first step, more work needs to be done to find a permanent solution for those affected by unaffordable rate hikes. Congress must build on this momentum and pass comprehensive relief, which is why I joined in introducing new legislation to fix this pressing issue.
To learn more about Rep. Murphys efforts to protect Floridians from unaffordable flood insurance hikes,
click here .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here