DOCTYPE html
February 16, 2014
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Another Obamacare Delay
Another week, another issue with Obamacare.
This week brought news that the Obama Administration was unilaterally delaying the health-insurance mandate for medium-sized employers until 2016.
This delay, which you can read more about in the
Washington Post , represents another break for businesses from Obamacare's onerous regulations.
I'm sure that the thousands of 10th District residents who had their policies cancelled because of Obamacare would have enjoyed a break like this.
Between this week's expanded delay of the employer mandate and last week's news that 2 million jobs could be lost because of the ACA, it is becoming increasingly difficult to defend this broken law.
Polls have shown the law to be deeply unpopular and even the law's biggest fans are
losing patience
with the cancellation notices, delays, and lost jobs.
It is time that Congress repeal this broken law and provide real healthcare reform to the American people.
I continue to be a proud supporter and cosponsor of The American Health Care Reform Act.
You can learn more about a better way forward on reforming our broken healthcare system by clicking the image below.
New Federal Reserve Chair Testifies
On Tuesday, the Financial Services Committee heard testimony from new Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen.
Yellen is the first female Chair of the Federal Reserve and it was a pleasure to have her at the Committee for her first appearance before Congress.
During my five minutes of questions, I asked Chair Yellen about contingent-convertible bonds and debt exemptions in the newly released Volcker Rule.
You can read more about my line of questioning from
Fortune .
Video of my questions can be seen by clicking the image below.
Congressional Art Competition
Every year, the House of Representatives holds an art competition open to high school students across the country.
Each Congressional district has one winner whose work is prominently displayed in the US Capitol for a year.
The winner will be announced later this spring.
Winners will be invited to a ceremony in their honor in Washington and are eligible for scholarship money to the Savannah College of Art and Design.
This week my office will be releasing details about this year's competition.
High school students who reside in the 10th District are encouraged to submit an original artwork to my office for consideration.
Further details can be accessed by clicking the image below.
What I Have Been Reading
Team USA sports Hickory business' threads
WCNC-NBC Charlotte
A couple weeks ago, I shared a story on the role Hickory's Longview Yarns played in producing the uniforms worn by US Winter Olympians during the opening ceremonies.
Now that the Olympics have begun, WCNC produced this great story on Longview's role.
Be sure to watch the
video
accompanying the story to hear an American gold medalist's message to Longview employees.
Beer is big business in Western North Carolina
Asheville Citizen-Times
This is a good read on the growing beer industry in and around Asheville.
Twenty years ago, Highland Brewing opened in Asheville becoming the city's first brewery.
In 2013, there were 62,000 barrels of beer produced in Buncombe County earning Asheville the nickname "Beer City USA".
Listen to a radio story on the beer industry from
WCQS .
You're three minutes away from learning how to launch a successful crowdfunding campagin
Quartz
This story and accompanying video provide a great overview on how to launch a successful crowdfunding campaign.
Among the tips from Indiegogo founder Slava Rubin are making a video, updating frequently, and starting with a big team.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC 28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here