
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
February 09, 2014
Fighting
Washington: Farm Bill Includes Too Many Loopholes, Too Few
Reforms
You work hard for your
money, and you have a right to expect Congress to spend your tax
dollars wisely.
Congressman Pittenger recently
participated in the Boy Scouts Scouting for Food event and strongly
supports community-based efforts to help those in
need.
Protecting
your tax dollars is why I recently voted against the Farm Bill.
America should absolutely support our farmers and a generous society must
provide a robust safety net for those in need. But combining food
stamps and agriculture programs into one deceptively-named bill makes
effective management impossible and prevents common-sense
reforms.
80% of spending in the farm
bill - $756 billion - goes to food stamps.
Loopholes and loosened eligibility
requirements
have contributed to food stamp recipients doubling since
2000.
House Republicans
had proposed a return to the successful bipartisan welfare reforms first
implemented by President Bill Clinton and House Speaker Newt Gingrich
in 1996.
Senate
Democrats and President Obama refused to close most of the
loopholes.
In addition to
concerns about the lack of oversight and meaningful reforms, local
farmers warned that provisions of the farm bill would hurt the economy
by reducing agricultural exports.
Last year, I joined House Republicans in passing two separate bills
to fund agriculture programs and provide generous food support for
those truly in need. Both bills included careful oversight and
common-sense reforms to protect hardworking American taxpayers. Senate
Democrats rejected both.
Just this
week, the Congressional Budget Office predicted our annual deficit will
hit $1 trillion by 2022, yet
Washington insiders continue to
bicker and hope that someone else fixes the problem.
As your
Congressman, I will continue to fight to ensure your tax dollars are
spent wisely, and to make Washington live by the same rules as
hardworking American families.
State of
the Union
Congressman Pittenger's special guest
for the State of the Union was Fort Hood Hero
Sgt. Matthew Cooke
who used his body to shield others from
harm. Click
here
to view additional photos of the
event.
Congressman Pittenger Visits Wesley
Chapel
On February
1 st , Congressman Pittenger took part in Wesley Chapel's Town Hall
Dedication Ceremony and Open House. View more photos
here .
Immigration Reform: Secure the Borders
First
Congressman Pittenger is a strong supporter of
legal
immigration. In 2013, Congressman Pittenger became the first-ever
Congressman to participate in a naturalization ceremony at the
Federal Courthouse in Charlotte. Click
here
for
photos.
According to the Government Accountability
Office,
forty percent of immigrants who cross the border illegally are
never caught.
Our porous
borders are a big reason why previous immigration reform has failed
miserably and why many current proposals will also fail.
Successful immigration reform must
start with securing the borders.
Until the borders are secure
and border states and local law enforcement participate in the
certification
further immigration reform is just a waste of time.
Once the borders are
secure:
Congress must implement a
fully-functional entry-exit visa tracking system
Modernize the employment verification and workplace
enforcement process
Reform the legal immigration system to address economic growth and job
creation opportunities.
Additional, necessary reforms to immigration policy should be considered
once these initial steps have been successfully completed.
Immigration reform should not
include amnesty.
America is a nation of laws, and we function
best when we apply those laws fairly and consistently. Those who
entered our country illegally made the choice to break the law, and
understood there would be consequences.
Americas immigration system is badly broken, but Obamacare shows
that massive pieces of comprehensive legislation frequently create more
problems than they fix.
Immigration reform is too complex and
too important to suffer the chaos of massive legislation that few read
and fewer understand.
The House Republican Conference has adopted a set of principles to
guide immigration reform which closely mirror the positions I have
advocated for more than a year. While no specific details or legislation
have been worked out, I am encouraged we are moving in the right
direction.
A step-by-step approach
is necessary to avoid unintended
consequences.
Survey of the Month Under Obamacare, the standard for
"full-time" has been lowered to just 30 hours per week. In 2013, many
business owners told Congressman Pittenger they would be forced to cut
employee work hours to less than 30 hours per week to avoid costly Obamacare
mandates. Have you or someone you know experienced a reduction in
work hours due to Obamacare?
Yes No What should be the
number one priority for Congress in 2014? Economy and Jobs Obamacare National security and terrorism National debt/deficit reduction Global Warming Other Most Obamacare plans include abortion coverage, and Obamacare's
federal tax subsidies are being used to enable abortion on demand.
Should your federal tax dollars be used to subsidize
abortion? Yes No Only in cases of rape or incest Unsure Would you like to receive updates about federal programs and
seminars benefiting small business owners and entrepreneurs? Yes No
Please subscribe me to your Enewsletter If you are having trouble, click here.
Charlotte Office
2701 Coltsgate Rd., Suite
105
Charlotte, NC 28211
Phone: (704) 3621060
Hours:
8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Mooresville Office
116 Morlake Dr,
Suite 101A
Mooresville,NC 28117
Phone: (704)
6968188
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM (M-F)
Please call ahead to ensure staff
availability
Washington D.C. Office
224 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2251976
Hours: 8:30-5:30 PM
(M-F)
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
