
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
Home
Services
About
District
Issues
Newsroom
Contact
February 11, 2014
The State of Union Address, a missed
opportunity
Several
weeks ago, the American people listened to the President lay out his
plans and major priorities for 2014.
While I always welcome any
opportunity for the President to initiate discussion with Congress on
issues facing our country, I was frankly disappointed by his unwillingness
to reach across the aisle and present fresh, broadly appealing
solutions to these challenges.
I had hoped he would have offered new
solutions to improve current policies which are failing American workers. For
example, he might have addressed the detrimental economic effects of
the 30-hour definition of full-time employment in Obamacares employer
mandate. This provision is causing millions of hourly workers across
the country to see their hours and wages cut. Thats why proposals to
restore the traditional 40-hour definition have been introduced by
Republicans and Democrats in both the House and Senate, including my own
Save American Workers Act.
As partisan gridlock intensifies,
these are the sorts of things President Obama should have focused on.
Instead, he stuck to the old familiar script and once again missed
the mark.
Obamacare 29ers
In the last year, Hoosier
part-time workers have anxiously endured a growing threat to their
take-home pay, courtesy of ObamaCare.
The 30-Hour full-time provision
has forced local school corporations across Indiana to begin announcing
they will limit hourly workers to 29 hours a week, impacting
substitute teachers, teaching assistants, bus drivers, cafeteria workers,
and their families. This is because, under ObamaCare, any employer
with 50 or more employees will be required to provide health insurance to
any employee who works more than 30 hours a week.
At the same
time, small businesses in the retail and restaurant sectors have begun
to face similar budgetary challenges because of this same provision,
and have started to make plans to reduce the hours of their part-time
workers.
Ivy Tech Community College
President Thomas J. Snyder testifying on the 29ers
issue
These reduced hours will be detrimental to part-time employees
and their families, and it is easy to understand why.
For
hourly workers, the difference between 39 hours and 29 hours over the
course of a month amounts to an entire weeks paycheck.
Also
noteworthy, these employees still wont receive health insurance, and instead
will only receive reduced paychecks!
Even the President acknowledged
the predictably negative effects of this ill-considered and
hastily-drafted provision by delaying the enforcement of the employer mandate an
entire year.
I am glad enforcement has been postponed, but we
need more than a delay of these harmful, unintended consequences; we need
a real solution for those hardworking Americans who just want to
provide for their families.
Thats why I drafted H.R. 2575, the Save
American Workers Act.
Further addressing the impact of 30-hour
provision
The Save American Workers
Act
Last year, in order to help this growing population of so-called
29-ers preserve their hours and wages, I introduced the
Save American Workers (SAW) Act .
In short, the SAW Act will
repeal the Affordable Care Acts 30-hour definition of full-time
employment and replacing it with the traditional 40-hour work week.
By moving this legislation forward, we can help restore hours,
and more importantly, protect the wages of Americans who need them
most.
Opening statement at the Ways and Means SAW Act
Markup
I am proud to say last week the House Ways and Means
committee took an important step towards addressing this issue by passing the
SAW Act. The legislation will now go to the floor to be voted on the
by the entire House of Representatives.
It is now time for my
colleagues in House and Senate to join us on the Ways and Means
committee in helping American workers by passing the SAW Act.
Moreover,
I encourage the President to join us in correcting a failed
policy.
If
you have any comments about this legislation or any other issues
currently being addressed by Congress, please do not hesitate to contact me
at any of our offices.
Yours in Service,
Todd
Do you
believe the 30-hour provision in ObamaCare should be replaced with the
traditional 40-hour work week definition? Yes No Unsure/Other *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Tell
a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on
Twitter
DISTRICT OFFICES
Jeffersonville
Office
279 Quartermaster Court
Jeffersonville, IN 47130
Phone:
(812) 288-3999
Fax: (812) 288-3873
Bloomington
Office
320 W. 8th Street, Suite 114
Bloomington, IN 47404
Phone:
(812) 336-3000
Fax: (812) 336-3355
Greenwood Office
2
N Madison Avenue
Greenwood, IN 46142
Phone: (317)
661-0696
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy
gateway mail end
