
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
LEFT OUT IN THE COLD
While the political standoff continues in Washington, the number of residents in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District, who have been cut off from their unemployment insurance continues to grow.
There are now 1.6 million Americans who have lost this critical lifeline to support their families.
These are Americans who are searching for work.
Another 72,000 people will lose unemployment insurance every week unless and until it is extended.
I want to thank you for the heartfelt stories you shared with me last week about your personal experiences on this issue. I heard from a 62 year old man who has been laid off time and again in this economy, but who continues to search for employment. Things are so bad now, the family is wondering if they will be able to keep a roof over their heads. A woman pleaded for Members of Congress to meet some real people facing this real crisis and change their perceptions of people who just need a little assistance in this economy. A college graduate who has worked for 20 years, was laid off, and spends each day desperately trying to get back into the workforce spoke of his endless struggle just to keep food on the table for his young children. The stories go on and on.
Again, I say, we can do better than this as a nation. These are our neighbors. These are our friends. These are fellow Americans who have played by the rules, and still lost their jobs through no fault of their own. Extending unemployment insurance is not a game. It&rsquo;s not a political weapon to be wielded for leverage. It is a tool that began with bipartisan support years ago, one that has received bipartisan support in the years since, and one that should have it now. It&rsquo;s not only important for these families, it is important for the recovery of the overall economy. And it&rsquo;s the right thing to do.
LEXINGTON AND RICHMOND IN THE SPOTLIGHT
Big progress is underway in Lexington and Richmond in the wake of two grants that will boost the economy and help those living in smaller communities in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District.
In Lexington, Rural Development announced the award of a Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG) to the Old Trails Regional Tourism Partnership. The almost $50,000 grant will go toward the hiring of an executive director, who will focus on economic development for businesses throughout the entire region. The mission will be to look at the needs of the 9-county region, combine the expertise and resources, and work together to dramatically increase tourism and visitor attractions in the area.
In Richmond, a $13,000 RBEG was awarded to Ideal industries Incorporated to assist in providing services that rural communities need. These Rural Development funds will go toward the purchase of a recycling baler for Ray County. Not only will there be a creation of new jobs with both grants, but they will also serve to help maintain economic stability while benefitting residents.
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT UPDATE
I wanted to quickly update you on the latest information regarding the Affordable Care Act. The most recent numbers show that almost 3 million people have now enrolled in a variety of private health insurance plans since October 1st.
There have been many complications and frustrations, as you know, with the initial launch of the website. But those continue to improve, and the outreach efforts continue to grow, with an emphasis on young adults who are currently uninsured. The hope is to alert them to new options to pay for premiums so they can make sure they get comprehensive and high quality coverage.
In addition, between October and December of last year, more than 6 million people were determined eligible for enrollment in Medicaid or CHIP. There is still much work ahead, but my hope is millions more Americans will find coverage for the first time, or new coverage, that fits their individual needs, at a price they can afford, alleviating the paralyzing fear that one bad illness or accident could leave them in financial ruin.
THE 50TH FOR 24
It didn&rsquo;t get as much media attention as it should have, in my opinion, but this week we celebrated a very important anniversary. This week, our country marked the 50th Anniversary of the 24th Amendment.
The 24th amendment to the Constitution eliminated the poll tax.
The poll tax was a way to keep millions of Americans from exercising their fundamental right to vote.
The 24th amendment was an important step in the fight for civil rights.
It took decades to enact and ratify the 24th amendment, but it was done. Today, the struggle for equality continues, but so does our determination and our will. We must not tire in our efforts to strengthen voting rights and keep new obstacles from blocking access to the voting booth. I will work with both sides of the aisle to pass bipartisan legislation introduced last week that would update and strengthen the Voting Rights Act. We must keep the spirit of the 24th amendment alive as we honor those who gave the ultimate sacrifice for civil rights and equality for each and every American.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
(660) 584-7373 (phone)
(660) 584-7227 (fax)
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
