
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Carolyn
District
Services
Issues
Newsroom
Contact
February 09, 2014
Dear
Friends,
I would like to take this opportunity to update you on
some of the things currently going on in Washington and to talk about
the importance of Early Childhood Education and the work we are doing
to better the American education system.
As a
nation, one of the most important and rewarding things we can do is to
invest in the education of our children.
They are the workforce
of tomorrow and ensuring their success not only improves the future
of our economy, it helps to improve our countrys national security as
well.
As Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Early Childhood,
Elementary and Secondary Education, I have used my platform in
Congress to stress these points, particularly, the importance of investing in
early childhood education.
I am the proud sponsor
of the Providing Resources Early for Kids (PRE-K) Act which provides
grants to states to enhance or improve the quality of their pre-school
resources.
As the President highlighted in his early education
budget initiative, responsible investments in early education should be
federal-state partnerships.
The PRE-K Act follows that
philosophy of shared responsibility in the name of expanding access to
preschool and promoting commonsense standards of quality nationwide.
Investments to improve teacher-student ratios, implement rigorous
curriculum and expand financial incentive opportunities for teachers are just
some examples of qualified usages of grant funding under my
legislation.
There are undoubtedly many pathways to successful
investment in our childrens education, but doing so at an early stage is
critical to students success in developing the cognitive skills that
will prepare them for higher education and life.
Children who
attend high quality preschools are more likely to graduate from high
school, less likely to commit crime, and often grow up to be more
productive members of society.
Earlier this week, the Education and
the Workforce Committee held a hearing on the merits of investing in
early education.
Congress has a duty to promote proposals that
will help to facilitate economic success now and in the future.
I
ask that you join me in supporting early education initiatives and
the PRE-K Act.
Last week, President Obama addressed the
nation during the annual State of the Union address.
Education was
one of the many important topics that he touched upon during his
speech.
For more information about the Presidents speech and to read
my statement, please visit my
website .
Thank you for your time and attention.
As always, it is
pleasure and honor to serve as your representative in Congress.
Please feel free to reach out with any questions or concerns or if or my
staff can be of assistance.
GARDEN
CITY OFFICE
300 Garden City Plaza, Suite 200
Garden City,
N.Y. 11530
Phone: (516) 739-3008
Fax: (516) 739-2973
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
2346 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-5516
Fax: (202)
225-5758
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
