
David -- Bobby Schilling's already getting desperate.
Mr. Schilling wants nothing more than to distance himself from his Tea Party past and remake himself as a moderate. But make no mistake, the ex-Congressman is as extreme as they come -- and has the record to prove it.
Take a look at the facts:
He voted for Paul Ryan's Medicare-destroying budget TWICE.
He penned his name on Todd Akin's bill to redefine rape.
In his final days in office, he put ideology ahead of country and voted to jump off the fiscal cliff.
Chip in $3 or whatever you can right now to help Cheri fight back against Bobby Schilling&rsquo;s desperate, false attacks &gt;&gt;
--------- Original Email ----------
This is shameless.
My opponent, ex-Congressman Bobby Schilling, just attacked me for &ldquo;not supporting Medicare.&rdquo; Mr. Schilling needs to get his facts straight.
I have supported Medicare and Social Security since my first day in office, and I will continue fighting to protect these vital services for our seniors in 2014 and every year that I serve the people of Illinois in Congress. Here are some actual facts:
While Mr. Schilling was in office, he voted for Paul Ryan&rsquo;s Tea Party budget -- the budget that would have ended Medicare as we know it -- not once, but TWICE!
We need to get out the truth to Illinois voters immediately. We need to make sure voters are armed with the facts and don&rsquo;t believe these deceitful attacks. David, please click here to chip in $3 or whatever you can to my Illinois Rapid Response Fund to help us fight back with the facts &gt;&gt;
Let me be clear: ex-Congressman Schilling is a wolf in sheep&rsquo;s clothing. Now that he knows his extreme Tea Party record is a tough sell, he's attempting to distract voters by distorting mine.
I&rsquo;m counting on your support to get out the facts. Will you chip in $3 or more to fund our response? http://action.cheribustos.com/Get-Out-The-Facts
Thanks for standing with me,
Cheri
Paid for by Friends of Cheri Bustos This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | Change or update your email address by clicking
here . We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. Click
here
if you'd like to unsubscribe from these messages.
Thanks for your support!
