 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
JEWELL COUNTY
Friday, Feb. 7 at 10:15 a.m.
Community Center
Randall
PHILLIPS COUNTY
Friday, Feb. 7 at 2 p.m.
Community Room
Agra
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
February 3, 2014
Dear Friend,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them. Last week, our great
state celebrated its 153rd birthday. On January 29, 1861, Kansas was
founded on the ideals of freedom and individual responsibility. We have
much to be proud of - from our rich heritage, to our talented leaders,
to our diverse industries. I believe even brighter days lie ahead, and
will work hard to make certain we leave behind a stronger, freer and
more prosperous state and nation for the next generation.
Emergency Care Halted for Topeka Veterans
On Friday, the Veterans Health Administration's (VHA) announced the
decision to halt emergency room services at the Colmery-O'Neil VA
Medical Center and convert to urgent care services only until the
current physician shortage is remedied by the Department of Veterans'
Affairs (VA). Veterans who have served our nation with duty and honor
deserve access to quality health care when they need it. Because Kansas
is a rural state, many of our veterans are already forced to travel
long distances to visit a VA hospital. Now, Topeka veterans are losing
access to the emergency care services they could need at any moment.
It is far past time for Secretary Shinseki and the VA to do their job.
I have asked time and again about their failure to address the
tremendous shortage of VA physicians, nurse practitioners and physician
assistants. It is causing a new VA backlog - a backlog of our nation's
heroes who are not receiving the health care they need. Friday's
decision reaffirms my belief that the VA must take action to solve
their failure to secure the services of the required professions to
meet the health care needs of our nation's veterans including those
served by Colmery-O'Neil VA Medical Center.
The VHA has directed veterans who are having a medical emergency to
call 9-1-1. The VA Eastern Kansas Health Care System is working with
local hospitals and ambulance services to make certain veterans get the
emergency care they need. Click here
to learn more about the decision.
State of the Union Address
On Tuesday night, Americans heard President Obama's latest pitch for
the same failed policies we've dealt with for five years: higher taxes,
overregulation and irresponsible spending. Since the President took
office, there are 1.1 million fewer jobs, median household income has
fallen each year, less than half of Americans have full-time
employment, and one in four part-time workers are living below the
poverty line. The President and Senate Democrats have done next to
nothing to promote pro-growth policies that would truly help
individuals reach their full potential.
The goal of our economic policies should not be increased reliance
reliant on the minimum wage, unemployment benefits and government aid.
Rather, the goal should be fostering an environment that allows
individuals to find ennobling, meaningful jobs that can support
themselves and their families.
Opportunities for Americans will only come when Washington puts
policies in place that promote economic growth rather than hamper it. A
growing economy will create new opportunities for the most every
American to find valuable work, start a business, increase their
income, and advance up the economic ladder.
I am hopeful the "year of action" means the President will stop the
stonewalling that has resulted in a stagnant economy and limited
opportunities. President Obama could start by finally approving the
Keystone XL pipeline, and Majority Leader Harry Reid could start by
finally allowing votes on a number of bills aimed at jump starting the
economy. Many of these bills have already passed by the House of
Representatives, and - if given a vote in the Senate - would help
Americans find purposeful work, climb the economic ladder, and freely
pursue the American Dream.
Bipartisan Amicus Brief Against Obamacare HHS Mandate
Also on Tuesday, I joined my colleagues in filing a bipartisan amicus
brief with the Supreme Court asking the Court to protect religious
freedom as it considers arguments in Hobby Lobby v. Sebelius. Under
President Obama's Affordable Care Act (ACA), the Department of Health
and Human Services has mandated employer-sponsored health plans cover
contraception and abortion-inducing drugs for their employees. The
mandate creates an exemption for religious employers, but it is so
narrow that many such employers are forced to violate their moral
beliefs.
Congress has a long tradition of protecting religious liberty,
including enacting the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA) in
1993, which requires future legislation to explicitly state that the
RFRA does not apply. The ACA makes no mention of the RFRA. Since our
nation's earliest days, the U.S. Supreme Court has consistently
affirmed our First Amendment right to exercise our religious beliefs
freely. This threat to religious liberty caused by federal overreach
should be of concern for all Americans - whether or not they ascribe to
a particular set of beliefs. I urged the Supreme Court to protect the
principle of religious liberty upon which our country was founded.
Click here
to learn more about this issue.
State Department Issues Final Keystone XL Pipeline Environmental
Assessment
On Friday afternoon, the U.S. State Department released the Final
Environmental Impact Statement of the Keystone XL Pipeline, which
showed the project likely wouldn't increase oil production from the
Canadian oil sands, and would have little environmental impact. The
release of this final analysis should bring us closer to moving this
job-creating, domestic energy-producing project forward. Despite the
Administration's continued unwillingness to approve this important
project, the overwhelming majority Americans agree that we should
proceed immediately.
After five years of delay by the White House, President Obama is out of
excuses. His decision should be about the energy security of our
country and job creation. Instead of throwing away this opportunity to
do something good that won't cost taxpayers a dime, it is time to take
action, approve the project, progress through the permitting process,
and allow the American workforce to move our country toward greater
energy security with the building of the Keystone XL pipeline. Click
here
to learn more.
Skyping with Teachers at Sunflower Elementary
This week, I visited with administrators and teachers at Sunflower
Elementary School in Andover from my office in Washington, D.C.,
through Skype. The teachers were demonstrating ways to utilize
technology to enhance student learning at a faculty meeting, and I
appreciate them asking me to demonstrate a Skype call. Technology is
such a big part of our lives today, and it was great to see these
teachers' commitment to incorporating it into their classroom
activities.
In order to be successful, a school needs students who want to learn,
dedicated teachers who are committed to helping each student,
administrators who are goal-oriented, and supportive parents and
community members who reinforce the concepts and expectations taught at
school. I am inspired when I visit with Kansas educators about the
creative ways in which they teach their students and motivate them for
the school day. They change the world for the better one student at a
time. Thanks again to Sunflower Principal Rita Decker for inviting me
to Skype and to Andover Middle School teacher, and 2013 Kansas Teacher
of the Year, Dyane Smokorowski for facilitating the call.
Calling on President Obama to Stop Punishing Most Vulnerable Kansans
with Higher Utility Bills
In response to the rising cost of utilities, 21 of my senate colleagues
and I reached out to the White House to reiterate our concerns about
how the ever increasing regulatory burden on power providers is
negatively affecting ratepayers. The President's "Climate Action Plan,"
released in June of last year, is a very real threat to home and
business owners who are struggling with utility costs. Our outreach
sought to elevate the concerns of individual ratepayers so that the
Administration can better understand the economic and human cost of
their desire to increase regulations. The cost of these regulations
means fewer dollars in the pockets of Kansans, and the Administration
needs to keep that fact in mind when they are weighing the issue of
regulating utilities. Click here
to read my letter to the President.
Southwest Airlines Adds Service from Kansas City to Washington
Last week, the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) announced their
plans to allow Southwest Airlines to temporarily operate the route from
Kansas City International Airport (MCI) to Ronald Reagan Washington
National Airport (DCA). Following the decision by Frontier Airlines to
discontinue daily nonstop service between the two airports after
January 31, 2014, DOT's announcement ensures no interruption of service
will occur.
Southwest will officially take over service on a temporary basis
beginning Feb. 15, 2014. In the very near term, the route will be
service by its subsidiary, AirTran. In the coming weeks, DOT will begin
formal proceedings to permanently reallocate the routes vacated by
Frontier.
In December, Frontier Airlines was sold to new ownership that opted to
discontinue several nonstop routes, including daily service between MCI
and DCA, as part of their conversion to an ultra-low cost carrier. The
seamless transition following Frontier's departure is good news for
Kansas air travelers, as maintaining access to air service is essential
to connecting Kansas families and businesses to the rest of the
country. Southwest is the nation's largest domestic airline with a
national route structure.
Upcoming Kansas Listening Tour Stops
Please see below a listing of upcoming Listening Tour stops that may be
in your area.
JEWELL COUNTY
Friday, Feb. 7 at 10:15 a.m.
Randall
PHILLIPS COUNTY
Friday, Feb. 7 at 2 p.m.
Agra
Kansans in the Office
Eric Melgren of Wichita
Kansas Head Start Association
Sekur Kambui
Lair Gilbert of Wichita
Jessica Lambert of Wichita
Francesca Chavira of Wichita
Suzie Bustos of Wichita
Kansas Campus Compact
Joshua Mosier of Manhattan
Family Advisory Council
Donna Yadrich of Kansas City
Deanna Gaumer of St. Mary's
Lola Loredo of Wichita
Kansas Global Trade Services
Karyn Page of Wichita
Kansas Association for Supervision and Curriculum Development
Steve Splichal of McLouth
Kansas Head Start
Scott Henson of Topeka
Casandra Bowden of Topeka
David Reighard of Topeka
Lacey Deruy of Topeka
Pew Charitable Trusts
Leigh Ann Winnard of Overland Park
Matthew Larimer of Overland Park
National Federation of the Blind
Rob Tabor of Lawrence
Renee Morgan of Lawrence
Anna Avramenko of Emporia
American Association of Orthodontists
Scott Hamilton of Topeka
Beechcraft
Doug Scott of Wichita
Kansas Wheat Growers
Gary Millershaski of Lakin
Kyler Millershaski of Lakin
Michael Jordan of Beloit
Ken Wood of Chapman
David Schemm of Sharon Springs
Ron Suppes of Dighton
Shirley Suppes of Dighton
Jay Armstrong of Muscotah
Scott Van Allen of Clearwater
Donna Van Allen of Clearwater
Justin Gilpin of Manhattan
Dalton Henry of Manhattan
ALS Association
Colleen Wachter of Mission
David Wurth of Mission
Wichita State University
Andy Schlapp of Wichita
Debbie Gann of Wichita
Barby Jobe of Wichita
Children's Mercy Hospitals and Clinics
Sandra Lawrence of Kansas City
Genny Nicholas of Kansas City
Chad More of Kansas City
K-State Department of Agronomy
Chuck Rice of Manhattan
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can
also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING
UP Kansas
Listening Tour
JEWELL COUNTY Friday,
Feb. 7 at 10:15 a.m. Community Center Randall
PHILLIPS
COUNTY Friday, Feb. 7 at 2 p.m. Community Room Agra
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense February
3, 2014
Dear
Friend,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them. Last week, our
great state celebrated its 153rd birthday. On January 29, 1861, Kansas was founded on the ideals of freedom
and individual responsibility. We have much to be proud of &#8211; from our rich heritage, to our talented
leaders, to our diverse industries. I believe even brighter days lie ahead, and will work hard to make
certain we leave behind a stronger, freer and more prosperous state and nation for the next generation.
Emergency
Care Halted for Topeka Veterans
On Friday, the
Veterans
Health Administration&#8217;s (VHA) announced the decision to halt emergency room services at the Colmery-O&#8217;Neil
VA Medical Center and convert to urgent care services only until the current physician shortage is remedied
by the Department of Veterans&#8217; Affairs (VA). Veterans who have served our nation with duty and
honor deserve access to quality health care when they need it. Because Kansas is a rural state, many
of our veterans are already forced to travel long distances to visit a VA hospital. Now, Topeka veterans
are losing access to the emergency care services they could need at any moment.
It
is far past time for Secretary Shinseki and the VA to do their job. I have asked time and again about
their failure to address the tremendous shortage of VA physicians, nurse practitioners and physician
assistants. It is causing a new VA backlog &#8211; a backlog of our nation&#8217;s heroes who are not
receiving the health care they need. Friday&#8217;s decision reaffirms my belief that the VA must take
action to solve their failure to secure the services of the required professions to meet the health care
needs of our nation&#8217;s veterans including those served by Colmery-O&#8217;Neil VA Medical Center.
The
VHA has directed veterans who are having a medical emergency to call 9-1-1. The VA Eastern Kansas Health
Care System is working with local hospitals and ambulance services to make certain veterans get the emergency
care they need.
Click
here
to learn more about the decision.
State
of the Union Address
On Tuesday night, Americans heard President Obama&#8217;s
latest pitch for the same failed policies we&#8217;ve dealt with for five years: higher taxes, overregulation
and irresponsible spending. Since the President took office, there are 1.1 million fewer jobs, median
household income has fallen each year, less than half of Americans have full-time employment, and one
in four part-time workers are living below the poverty line. The President and Senate Democrats
have done next to nothing to promote pro-growth policies that would truly help individuals reach their
full potential.
The
goal of our economic policies should not be increased reliance reliant on the minimum wage, unemployment
benefits and government aid. Rather, the goal should be fostering an environment that allows individuals
to find ennobling, meaningful jobs that can support themselves and their families.
Opportunities
for Americans will only come when Washington puts policies in place that promote economic growth rather
than hamper it. A growing economy will create new opportunities for the most every American to find valuable
work, start a business, increase their income, and advance up the economic ladder.
I
am hopeful the &#8220;year of action&#8221; means the President will stop the stonewalling that has resulted
in a stagnant economy and limited opportunities. President Obama could start by finally approving the
Keystone XL pipeline, and Majority Leader Harry Reid could start by finally allowing votes on a number
of bills aimed at jump starting the economy. Many of these bills have already passed by the House of
Representatives, and &#8211; if given a vote in the Senate &#8211; would help Americans find purposeful
work, climb the economic ladder, and freely pursue the American Dream.
Bipartisan
Amicus Brief Against Obamacare HHS Mandate
Also on Tuesday, I joined my colleagues in filing a bipartisan amicus
brief with the Supreme Court asking the Court to protect religious freedom as it considers arguments
in
Hobby Lobby v. Sebelius .
Under
President Obama&#8217;s Affordable Care Act (ACA), the Department of Health and Human Services has mandated
employer-sponsored health plans cover contraception and abortion-inducing drugs for their employees.
The mandate creates an exemption for religious employers, but it is so narrow that many such employers
are forced to violate their moral beliefs.
Congress
has a long tradition of protecting religious liberty, including enacting the Religious Freedom Restoration
Act (RFRA) in 1993, which requires future legislation to explicitly state that the RFRA does not apply.
The ACA makes no mention of the RFRA. Since our nation&#8217;s earliest days, the U.S. Supreme Court
has consistently affirmed our First Amendment right to exercise our religious beliefs freely. This threat
to religious liberty caused by federal overreach should be of concern for all Americans &#8211; whether
or not they ascribe to a particular set of beliefs. I urged the Supreme Court to protect the principle
of religious liberty upon which our country was founded.
Click
here
to learn more about this issue.
State Department Issues Final Keystone XL Pipeline Environmental
Assessment
On Friday afternoon,
the U.S. State Department released the Final Environmental Impact Statement of the Keystone XL Pipeline,
which showed the project likely wouldn&#8217;t increase oil production from the Canadian oil sands, and
would have little environmental impact. The release of this final analysis should bring us closer to
moving this job-creating, domestic energy-producing project forward. Despite the Administration&#8217;s
continued unwillingness to approve this important project, the overwhelming majority Americans agree
that we should proceed immediately.
After
five years of delay by the White House, President Obama is out of excuses. His decision should be about
the energy security of our country and job creation. Instead of throwing away this opportunity to do
something good that won&#8217;t cost taxpayers a dime, it is time to take action, approve the project,
progress through the permitting process, and allow the American workforce to move our country toward
greater energy security with the building of the Keystone XL pipeline.
Click
here
to learn more.
Skyping
with Teachers at Sunflower Elementary This week, I visited
with administrators and teachers at Sunflower Elementary School in Andover from my office in Washington,
D.C., through Skype. The teachers were demonstrating ways to utilize technology to enhance student learning
at a faculty meeting, and I appreciate them asking me to demonstrate a Skype call. Technology is such
a big part of our lives today, and it was great to see these teachers&#8217; commitment to incorporating
it into their classroom activities.
In
order to be successful, a school needs students who want to learn, dedicated teachers who are committed
to helping each student, administrators who are goal-oriented, and supportive parents and community members
who reinforce the concepts and expectations taught at school. I am inspired when I visit with Kansas
educators about the creative ways in which they teach their students and motivate them for the school
day. They change the world for the better one student at a time. Thanks again to Sunflower Principal
Rita Decker for inviting me to Skype and to Andover Middle School teacher, and 2013 Kansas Teacher of
the Year, Dyane Smokorowski for facilitating the call.
Calling
on President Obama to Stop Punishing Most Vulnerable Kansans with Higher Utility Bills
In response to the rising cost of utilities, 21 of my senate colleagues
and I reached out to the White House to reiterate our concerns about how the ever increasing regulatory
burden on power providers is negatively affecting ratepayers. The President&#8217;s &#8220;Climate Action
Plan,&#8221; released in June of last year, is a very real threat to home and business owners who are
struggling with utility costs. Our outreach sought to elevate the concerns of individual ratepayers so
that the Administration can better understand the economic and human cost of their desire to increase
regulations. The cost of these regulations means fewer dollars in the pockets of Kansans, and the Administration
needs to keep that fact in mind when they are weighing the issue of regulating utilities.
Click
here
to read my letter to the President.
Southwest
Airlines Adds Service from Kansas City to Washington
Last week, the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) announced
their plans to allow Southwest Airlines to temporarily operate the route from Kansas City International
Airport (MCI) to Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport (DCA). Following the decision by Frontier
Airlines to discontinue daily nonstop service between the two airports after January 31, 2014, DOT&#8217;s
announcement ensures no interruption of service will occur.
Southwest
will officially take over service on a temporary basis beginning Feb. 15, 2014. In the very near term,
the route will be service by its subsidiary, AirTran. In the coming weeks, DOT will begin formal proceedings
to permanently reallocate the routes vacated by Frontier.
In
December, Frontier Airlines was sold to new ownership that opted to discontinue several nonstop routes,
including daily service between MCI and DCA, as part of their conversion to an ultra-low cost carrier.
The seamless transition following Frontier&#8217;s departure is good news for Kansas air travelers, as
maintaining access to air service is essential to connecting Kansas families and businesses to the rest
of the country. Southwest is the nation&#8217;s largest domestic airline with a national route structure.
Upcoming
Kansas Listening Tour Stops Please see below a listing
of upcoming Listening Tour stops that may be in your area.
JEWELL
COUNTY Friday,
Feb. 7 at 10:15 a.m. Randall
PHILLIPS
COUNTY Friday,
Feb. 7 at 2 p.m. Agra
Kansans
in the Office Eric Melgren of Wichita
Kansas
Head Start Association Sekur Kambui
Lair Gilbert of Wichita
Jessica Lambert of Wichita
Francesca Chavira of Wichita
Suzie Bustos of Wichita
Kansas
Campus Compact Joshua Mosier of Manhattan
Family
Advisory Council Donna Yadrich of Kansas City
Deanna Gaumer of St. Mary&#8217;s
Lola Loredo of Wichita
Kansas
Global Trade Services Karyn Page of Wichita
Kansas
Association for Supervision and Curriculum Development Steve
Splichal of McLouth
Kansas
Head Start Scott Henson of Topeka
Casandra Bowden of Topeka
David Reighard of Topeka
Lacey Deruy of Topeka
Pew
Charitable Trusts Leigh Ann Winnard of Overland Park
Matthew Larimer of Overland Park
National
Federation of the Blind Rob Tabor of Lawrence
Renee Morgan of Lawrence
Anna Avramenko of Emporia
American
Association of Orthodontists Scott Hamilton of Topeka
Beechcraft Doug
Scott of Wichita
Kansas
Wheat Growers Gary Millershaski of Lakin
Kyler Millershaski of Lakin
Michael Jordan of Beloit
Ken Wood of Chapman
David Schemm of Sharon Springs
Ron Suppes of Dighton
Shirley Suppes of Dighton
Jay Armstrong of Muscotah
Scott Van Allen of Clearwater
Donna Van Allen of Clearwater
Justin Gilpin of Manhattan
Dalton Henry of Manhattan
ALS
Association Colleen Wachter of Mission
David Wurth of Mission
Wichita
State University Andy Schlapp of Wichita
Debbie Gann of Wichita
Barby Jobe of Wichita
Children&#8217;s
Mercy Hospitals and Clinics Sandra Lawrence of Kansas City
Genny Nicholas of Kansas City
Chad More of Kansas City
K-State
Department of Agronomy Chuck Rice of Manhattan
Honored
to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve
you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their
thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words of Kansans, whether
in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
