DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Bob Latta's Family Values Watch
january 31, 2014
REPRESENTING OHIO'S 5TH DISTRICT
Share
Congressman Latta's monthly newsletter tracking life and family news from the Nations Capital
As the new year gets underway, I hope you are all staying safe and warm during this historically cold winter weather.
This month commenced the second session of the 113th Congress and even though Washington, D.C. is experiencing unusually low temperatures, as well, Congress has much work to do this year and I hope that this newsletter continues to be a valuable source of information to you.
Thank you for subscribing to the Fifth District Family Values Watch.
It is my honor to share with you important news from Washington, D.C. affecting life and families and I look forward to keeping you updated throughout the year.
It is my great honor to serve as your Member of Congress and it is my number one priority to represent you and the best interests of the Fifth Congressional District.
Please do not hesitate to call, write, or e-mail me in the future with any of your concerns or questions.
For federal-related issues, you may reach my Washington, D.C. office by phone at (202) 225-6405, or my District office at (800) 541-6446 for constituent services.
I also encourage you to visit my website at
http://latta.house.gov .
Sincerely,
Congressman Bob Latta
RECAP: MARCH FOR LIFE
On Wednesday, January 22, 2014, hundreds of thousands of Americans, including hundreds from northwest and west central Ohio, gathered in Washington, D.C. in support of the March for Life.
While this year marked the 41st anniversary of the Supreme Courts tragic Roe v. Wade decision legalizing abortion, I was extremely grateful to see so many make the trek to the Nations Capital to lend their voices to rally in support for life. I am honored that I was able to speak to hundreds of my constituents in the Rayburn House Office Building following the conclusion of the March.
I have also received updates from several of my constituents who participated in rallies and gatherings throughout the Fifth District in support for life.
I am inspired by many who are generously contributing to efforts within their own neighborhoods and communities to renew and strengthen the resolve to protect and defend the right to life of unborn children.
Thank you all for your unwavering dedication and commitment to this fight.
NO TAXPAYER FUNDING FOR ABORTION
This week, the House passed H.R. 7, the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act.
This bill establishes a permanent, government-wide prohibition on taxpayer subsidies for abortion.
In addition, this bill will cut taxpayer subsidies for health care insurance plans that cover abortion, including plans offered under the Affordable Care Act. Specifically, it would amend Obamacare and remove the so-called secrecy clause by mandating that insurance providers prominently disclose and specify whether or not a health care plan includes coverage for abortion. If so, the plan must disclose the amount of the abortion fee or surcharge as a part of that plan to ensure that taxpayer dollars are not being used to subsidize abortions.
This bill will now go to the Senate for consideration.
On the heels of the March for Life, I am encouraged that the House is acting without delay to take action in protecting and defending the right to life in all the laws that govern our Nation.
As we make further progress this year on this measure and other pro-life proposals, please be assured that I am working with other pro-life Members of Congress to do all that I can to ensure that the laws of this country protect the lives of the unborn and the conscience rights of those who valiantly stand in defense of life.
SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS RELIGIOUS FREEDOM
Last week, the Supreme Court upheld an injunction prohibiting the federal government from enforcing Obamacares contraceptive mandate on Catholic nun order, Little Sisters of the Poor (Little Sisters), while a lower federal court hears arguments on the case.
Under Obamacare, employers are required to provide their employees with health care insurance plans that cover contraceptives or other drugs that have the potential to end human life in its early stages.
Little Sisters challenged this requirement in court on the grounds that compliance with this law violates their religious beliefs that are protected by the Constitution.
Little Sisters also argued that noncompliance would lead to huge, discriminatory fines against the organization or cause them to have an indirect role in abortion or abortion-related services by signing over the rights to another entity to provide contraceptive coverage. The Obama Administration disagreed and will continue to pursue its defense of the contraceptive mandate.
As Americans, we are extremely blessed to have our religious beliefs and conscience rights protected by the Constitution.
While I am disappointed in efforts to infringe upon these fundamental liberties, I am pleased with the Supreme Courts action.
I am hopeful that as this case and others challenging the constitutionality of the contraceptive mandate move through the judicial process that the final outcome will uphold and respect our constitutional right to exercise our religious freedoms without penalty or interference from the government.
News Releases
January 31:
Latta Requests DOT Extend Hours of Service Emergency Expentption to Address Propane Shortages in Ohio, Midwest
January 29 :
Latta Supports Legislation to Prevent American Taxpayer Dollars From Being Used to Fund Abortions
January 28:
Latta Responds to President Obama's State of the Union Address
Social Media
Follow Congressman Latta online! He regularly updates his profiles with the latest news and developments from around Ohio and Capitol Hill.
OHIO OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
BOWLING GREEN OFFICE
1045 North Main St, Ste 6
Bowling Green, OH 43402
T (419) 354-8700
DEFIANCE OFFICE
101 Clinton St, Ste 1200
Defiance, OH 43512
T (419) 782-1996
FINDLAY OFFICE
318 Dorney Plaza, Room 302
Findlay, OH 45840
T (419) 422-7791
2448 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Main: 202-225-6405
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here