
HOME
|
BIOGRAPHY
|
CONTACT US
|
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
|
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
|
NEWSROOM
Friday, January 31, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Blaine's Bulletin
As I sat in the House Chamber and listened to the president deliver his sixth State of the Union Address, I was struck by his willingness to divide the American people rather than bring us together. The president made it clear in his most political State of the Union Address to date that he plans to bypass Congress through executive orders and partisan political arm twisting to further a regressive agenda that most Americans have rejected.
Im not much of a believer in polls, but when survey after survey by legitimate organizations show that the American people have lost faith in the president, I am frankly not too surprised. This administration has broken too many promises, especially when it comes to the economy.
In his previous five State of the Union Addresses, the president promised us that if we followed their path, jobs would be created. There are 10.4 million unemployed Americans and there are three times more unemployed Americans than jobs available. He promised that health care would become more affordable.
Yet even with the Obamacare disaster, health care premiums are expected to soar.
The president promised those in poverty would have more opportunity and hope, yet today there are more than 46 million Americans living in poverty (the highest in American history) and nearly seven million more than in 2008.
The president promised that those working paycheck-to-paycheck would see opportunity and rise up the economic ladder, yet median household income has fallen for five consecutive years.
The presidents most recent divisive address not only ignored the obvious challenges facing our country but it also made clear that he prefers class warfare and government hand-outs over good old fashioned American ingenuity and hard work. Instead of uniting Americans like a chief executive should, this president instead offered Americans a form of economic collectivism that history has proven simply does not work.
At the end of this month, House Republicans held a planning session to discuss where we go from here and how we can best serve the American people. Among the issues that were discussed included job-creation legislation, tax cuts, efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare, pushing for a decision on the Keystone Pipeline, harnessing our domestic energy resources and further reducing government spending. It is a bold agenda and one that is based on what Americans are demanding of their government. We have sent over 150 bills to the Senate this past year to address many of these issues but to no avail. However, we remain undaunted and intend to continue our work on these issues and many more in the weeks and months ahead. Despite his confrontational tone in the State of the Union Address, I still hold out some hope that the president will ultimately decide to negotiate with House Republicans on how best we can move our country forward. We all have a right to economic freedom with the opportunity to live the good life.
The president wants to make this a year of action and I am ready to work with him to find a common approach to a variety of issues. But at the end of the day, I was hired to represent the people of the 3 rd
Congressional District of Missouri and that is where my priority remains. I have an uncompromising commitment to the people who hired me to represent them and believe that everyone should have the freedom and opportunity to succeed in our great nation.
CONTACT US:
As always, for those of you with Internet access, I encourage you to visit my official
website . For those without access to the Internet, I encourage you to call my offices in Jefferson City (573-635-7232) Washington, Mo. (636-239-2276), or Wentzville (636-327-7055) with your questions and concerns. If you want even greater access to what I am working on, please visit my
YouTube site ,
Facebook page , and keep up-to-date with
Twitter .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2440 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-2956
Fax:
(202) 225-5712
JEFFERSON CITY, MO OFFICE
2117 Missouri Boulevard
Jefferson City, MO 65109
Phone:
(573) 635-7232
Fax:
(573) 635-8347
WENTZVILLE, MO OFFICE
113 East Pearce
Wentzville, MO 63385
Phone:
(636) 327-7055
WASHINGTON, MO OFFICE
516 Jefferson St.
Washington, MO 63090
Phone:
(636) 239-2276
Fax:
(636) 239-0478
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here