
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
I write today to update you on recent legislative activities in the United States Congress.
I appreciate the opportunity to contact you.
Obamacare Update
I wanted to make sure you saw the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) release this week on Obamacare. The report confirms that Obamacare is not only damaging the ability for Americans to access affordable healthcare, but continues to be harmful to job growth and the economy. According to CBO, Obamacare will cause the American workforce to shrink by two million jobs by 2017 with that number only increasing by 2024. This latest report is further evidence that Obamacare is bad for the economy and bad for America and I am working every day to replace this law with sensible health care reforms that promote job growth and ensure health care access to hard working American families. Read full report
HERE .
Farm Bill signed into Law
It was quite an honor to have President Obama sign the Farm Bill at Michigan State University. For the last 158 years, MSU has been at the center of our state's $90 billion agriculture economy, and I am proud to represent this world-class university. I was also proud to support the bipartisan Farm Bill, which reforms and strengthens critical agriculture and nutrition programs.
Unfortunately, I could not be there in person due to a previously scheduled overseas trip related to my duties as Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee. We are always pleased to welcome a commander in chief to East Lansing. I applaud the bipartisan commitment to this legislation that continues to support our strong agriculture community in Michigan.
Sportsmens Act
This week I voted for the Sportsmens Heritage and Recreational Enhancement Act which stops the EPA from banning traditional hunting and fishing equipment.
It also establishes a council to conserve federal land on which to promote hunting and habitat protection.
This legislation will defend hunting, fishing and shooting on public lands from litigation, saving Michiganders from more government red tape and unnecessary legal fees, while also formalizing states ability to sell federal duck stamps for hunters.
Additionally, HR 3590 would allow for commercial filming on federal lands by a crew of five or less, a great source of state income without significant environmental impact. This legislation now makes its way to the Senate for consideration.
Fulbright Scholarship Recipients
I wanted to congratulate to the following five individuals from MSU on receiving the prestigious Fulbright Scholarship for their academic excellence and professional leadership: Dr. Carolyn Loeb, Ms. Morgan Murphy, Dr. Stephanie Nawyn, Dr. Deogratias Ngonyani and Dr. Saundra Schneider. I wish these scholars the best of luck on their exchange program and have confidence that Michigan will be well represented in other parts of the world.
Sochi Security
This Sunday I will join ABCs This Week to discuss security threats in Sochi. Make sure you tune in on Sunday, February 9th in Detroit on WXYZ at 10:00 a.m., Lansing on WJRT at 9:00 a.m., and Washington D.C. on WJLA at 10:00 a.m.
Earlier this week, I spoke with CNNs Erin Burnett on security and threats targeting the Olympics. Watch full interview
HERE .
Thank you again for the opportunity to contact you.
You can also follow my efforts on
YouTube
(RepMikeRogers),
Twitter
(@repmikerogers) and
Facebook
(Mike J. Rogers).
Should you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to call me.
Sincerely,
Mike Rogers
Member of Congress
Please do not respond to this email; this mailbox is unattended.
HOME
|
MEET MIKE
|
LEGISLATIVE ISSUES
|
NEWS ROOM
|
CONTACT MIKE
LANSING DISTRICT OFFICE:
1000 West St. Joseph, Suite 300 Lansing, Michigan 48915
Toll-free: (877) 333-MIKE | Phone: (517) 702-8000 | Fax: (517) 702-8642
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE:
2112 Rayburn House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4872 | Fax: (202) 225-5820
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here