
Wednesday, February 19, 2014
Dear Neighbor,
I am deeply troubled by the ongoing violence against peaceful protesters in Venezuela.
As the situation continues to escalate, it is critical we continue to show our support to the people of Venezuela. Just yesterday, I attended a rally in Doral where hundreds of people came together in unity for those who are enduring this unjust treatment.
Over the last fifteen years, crime in Venezuela has skyrocketed, private corporations have been seized, media outlets and democratic institutions have been threatened, and human rights have been trampled upon.
As students have bravely taken to the streets frustrated by the dimming future they see for their country, it is clear that Maduros ascent to power has only made conditions worse. But the Venezuelan people are resilient and will continue to push for a safe, stable, and prosperous Venezuela.
I encourage the U.S. Government and the international community to condemn the Venezuelan governments assaults on universal democratic principles, and I remind President Maduro that the world is watching and the voices of dissent will not be so easily silenced. Venezuelans deserve to be free from political persecution and repression, and the Venezuelan government has an obligation to restore the basic universal human rights that have been so wrongfully stripped from its people.
The very first bill I introduced in Congress was the Venezuelan Liberty Act, which would allow Venezuelans who came to the United States after Chavez to obtain green cards, regardless of their current immigration status.
Now, more than ever, it is vital that we stand with our Venezuelan brothers and sisters, from those marching in the streets of Caracas to those seeking freedom and opportunity in South Florida.
I urge our administration to provide asylum to those fleeing from Venezuela and Temporary Protected Status for those already here.
Sincerely,
Joe Garcia, U.S. House Representative (FL-26)
http://garcia.house.gov/
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here