
The Sam Johnson Journal
January 31, 2014
What to Expect in This Edition:
Block the IRS from silencing Americans
Ways and Means Hearing on ObamaCare
Stand for Life: No taxpayer funds for abortion
Farm Bill
Valentines for Veterans
Olympic Athlete from McKinney
Vietnam POW Reunion
Upcoming Events
File your taxes for free 101
Mobile Office Hours
Washington Update
Block the IRS from silencing Americans
If you recall in 2013, the IRS admitted to wrongly
targeting conservative groups .
Now, even as investigations continue, the Obama administration has issued new rules that would effectively limit or shut down conservative groups all together.
What does this say?
Bottom line if you disagree with the administration they will try to find a way to silence you.
That's wrong!
This is America
the land of the 1st Amendment -- not some totalitarian regime.
We live in a Democracy where the differing of views and opinions makes our country better and stronger!
You better believe Ill fight to keep it that way.
Thats why I co-sponsored Ways and Means Chairman Dave Camps
bill
that would block the proposed IRS regulations attempting to stifle and restrict every Americans freedom of speech.
I also introduced a
bill
that would make jail time mandatory for any employee involved in political targeting.
In my view, if you do the crime you should do the time!
Ways and Means Hearing on ObamaCare's "30-hour rule"
One thing we didnt hear in the Presidents
State of the Union Address
on Tuesday evening is how his hallmark legislation
ObamaCare
is forcing millions of Americans to lose their jobs, health insurance and work hours.
The Ways and Means Committee addressed the matter, specifically we looked into ObamaCares so-called 30-hour rule and how its impacting small businesses and Americans across the country.
The truth is this rule hurts wages and job creation.
Watch this short video to learn how this flawed rule is affecting folks in our own backyard, specifically a young hardworking college student from McKinney, Texas.
View hearing clip here.
Stand for Life: No Taxpayer Funds for Abortion
This week I took a stand for life, by voting for
H.R. 7 , the
No Taxpayer Funds for Abortion Act .
This bill would ban the use of taxpayer dollars to fund abortions once and for all.
The last thing pro-life taxpayers should be required to do is subsidize unethical practices.
Its your hard-earned money, and you better believe Ill fight for you to have a say in how its spent.
We must stand firm for the lives of these unborn children
this is not just a Republican issue, its a human rights issue.
View my floor statement here.
Farm Bill
On Wednesday, I voted for the Farm Bill, which will save $23 billion in government spending.
Ill be honest with you
the bill is far from perfect.
However, its a bill that reforms farm programs to make them more market-based and brings much needed accountability and transparency to nutrition programs.
Along with the $23 billion in savings, it closes loopholes in nutrition programs to save $8 billion.
These cuts are real and would not have been achieved without the passage of this bill.
In fact, it is the first bill to make any reforms to the food stamp program since the welfare reforms of 1996.
Additionally, this bill consolidates nearly 100 duplicative programs administered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
Although there is more work to be done, these savings are a step in the right direction.
Click here to read more .
Texas Update
Valentines for Veterans Kick Off
Last week, I kicked off Valentines for Veterans at Huffman Elementary School in Plano.
Valentines for Veterans is an opportunity for all Americans to say thank you to those who served by sending cards and letters to the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) medical centers across the country.
On Valentines Day, I will personally hand deliver these cards to veterans at the Dallas VA.
These men and women deserve our 110% support and our eternal gratitude for their service and sacrifice.
If you want to show your appreciation for freedom, you too can make valentine cards for our veterans!
It can be a brief, yet heartfelt, thank you card; then simply sign, seal, and deliver to my Plano office by
February 7 .
Outstanding American: Olympic Athlete from McKinney
Help me give a big North Texas congratulations to McKinney resident, Johnny Quinn, who will be competing in the 2014 Olympic Games in Sochi, Russia, as a member of the U.S. Olympic Bobsled Team.
Im thrilled to know one of our very own will be representing America in the largest athlete delegation in the world.
Hes a living testament that with determination, hard work, and perseverance, its possible to pursue and achieve your dreams.
Johnny Quinn, thank you for your inspiration.
We are cheering you on from home!
Vietnam POW Reunion
Last Thursday, I joined some of my dearest friends and comrades at Arlington National Cemetery to celebrate the life of one of the greatest men and American patriots Ive ever known, Brigadier General Robbie Risner.
Risner was the first man who spoke to me the day I entered the North Vietnamese prison, the infamous Hanoi Hilton, and was a constant companion throughout the next seven years of captivity. Robbie achieved much in his life.
An ace in the Korean War and one of the most celebrated and decorated pilots in the Air Force, he lived his life to the fullest.
He was a dedicated father, husband, and friend, and his strength of spirit motivated me and many alike to make it through some of the darkest days of our lives.
Im proud to say his strength of character, bravery, and passion remained with him till the day he died.
Despite the unfortunate circumstances surrounding our gathering, Robbies funeral gave many of us Vietnam POWs a chance to reunite.
When Im with these patriots, Im reminded once again how thankful I am to live in this great country, where people love the blessing of freedom.
Today, I urge you to remember and thank the men and women of our armed forces who put their lives on the line for you and me each and every day.
Freedom is not free.
Upcoming Events
Learn How to File Your Taxes for Free
Mark your calendars for a public briefing and a free file workshop on filing your taxes,
Thursday, February 13 from 10:00 a.m.
11:30 a.m. at Collin College,
Spring Creek Campus .
The briefing will highlight the Free File Alliance that provides FREE online federal income tax preparation and e-filing services to lower and moderate income taxpayers.
Following the briefing, you will have the chance to participate in a hands-on workshop to use Free File and learn about other free tax services.
To find out more information, please contact Lori McMahon in my Plano office at (469) 304-0382.
I hope to see you there.
Mobile Office Hours
Tuesday, February 11 , and
Wednesday, February 12 , my staff will host their monthly Mobile Office Hours in Allen, Frisco, McKinney, Murphy, Plano, Prosper, and Richardson to assist all Third District residents with federal issues or government agencies, such as Medicare, Veterans Affairs, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Social Security, or the Internal Revenue Service.
If you need help, please come to a location nearest to you.
No appointments are necessary.
Find out more information on times and locations
here .
Thank you for reading my e-newsletter.
If you enjoyed this newsletter, encourage your friends to subscribe by visiting my
website .
Y ou also can find me on Facebook:
Sam Johnson
and Twitter:
@SamsPressShop .
Until next time, God bless you and God bless America.
Sincerely,
SAM JOHNSON
Member of Congress
Washington D.C. Office
1211 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4201
Texas Office
1255 W 15th Street, Suite 170
Plano, Texas 75075
Phone: (469) 304-0382
Fax: (469) 304-0392
Click Here Click Here