
David, here it is -- straight from the source.
After dozens of you requested to see it in its original form, here is Bobby Schilling&rsquo;s offensive, anti-woman fundraising email. FIGHT BACK:
Chip in $3 or whatever you can to help Cheri keep fighting for Illinois women in 2014 and beyond &gt;&gt;
---------- Schilling's Original Email ----------
Friend, I am pro-life and proud to say it!
Today is the 41st Annual March for Life in Washington, D.C. As I like to do each year, I wanted to take this opportunity to talk about my principles and values on the issue of life.
I am a firm believer that life begins at conception and that our society has an obligation to protect the rights of the unborn. It's that simple. In fact, the right to life can even be traced to the Declaration of Independence&mdash;Thomas Jefferson wrote that the right to life is inalienable and endowed by our Creator. Unfortunately, the rights of the unborn are completely ignored in this country.
55 million lives have been tragically lost in this country since the Roe v. Wade decision. That amounts to more than 1.2 million lives lost each year.
Each one of those lives would have offered the world wonderful gifts&mdash;art, music, scientific discovery, invention. Instead, all of that was destroyed, and for what?
Imagine a world without these people: John Lennon. Nelson Mandela. Babe Ruth. Jamie Foxx. Nancy Reagan. Bill Clinton. Jack Nicholson. Dave Thomas. J.R.R. Tolkien. Faith Hill. Tim McGraw. Sarah McLaughlin. "DMC" McDaniels. Steve Jobs. Jesse Jackson. Newt Gingrich. Willie Nelson. Eleanor Roosevelt.
Thankfully, all of these people were able to contribute to the world because their mothers chose adoption instead of abortion. They chose life. There is a critical battle being waged for the heart and soul of this country. Will we value life? Or will we just let millions of lives slip away?
Radical pro-abortion groups, including EMILY's List&mdash;one of my opponent's top financial contributors&mdash;are fighting to not only protect abortion, but to grow the abortion industry by leaps and bounds. Apparently claiming 1.2 million lives each year isn't enough. EMILY's List is fighting to increase access to third-term abortions, strike down parental notification laws, and increase taxpayer funding for abortion.
Folks, when you stop and think about it, EMILY's List is downright disgusting. Their agenda is designed to promote young teenage girls getting third-term abortions paid for by the taxpayers without the parents ever finding out. That's as radical as radical gets, and my opponent has pledged to stand with them on each and every issue.
EMILY's List previously put me "on notice" because of my strong record on life, and that's a badge of honor I wear proudly! Sorry, EMILY's List, but
genocide is not a right.
I stand with the unborn. I oppose all taxpayer-funded abortions, and I will continue to do everything in my power to protect life.
In liberty,
Bobby Schilling P.S.-My opponent has received hundreds of thousands of dollars from the radical pro-abortion lobby. Will you help us defeat her this November? Let's stand for life together. Please chip in $25 to our campaign today!
Chip in $3 or whatever you can to help Cheri fight back against the nonsense and do what's right for Illinois &gt;&gt;
Paid for by Friends of Cheri Bustos This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | Change or update your email address by clicking
here . We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. Click
here
if you'd like to unsubscribe from these messages.
Thanks for your support!
