
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Week of February 17, 2014
Senators McConnell and Paul Join Commissioner Comer for Launch of Appalachia Proud Initiative
Appalachia Proud program to boost agriculture opportunities in eastern Kentucky
On Monday, Senator Mitch McConnell joined Kentucky Agriculture Commissioner James Comer and Senator Rand Paul in Knott County for the unveiling of the Appalachia Proud initiative, an inclusive approach to using agriculture to spur economic growth in eastern Kentucky. Spearheaded by Commissioner Comer,
Appalachia Proud: Mountains of Potential
is a trademarked brand that designates Kentucky Proud products made by producers in 37 counties in eastern Kentucky.
Sen. McConnell delivers remarks for the unveiling of Appalachia Proud at the Knott County Sportsplex L-R: State Senator Robin Webb, Commissioner Comer, Sen. McConnell, Sen. Paul
During the event, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;Commissioner Comer, Senator Paul and I share a vision of a prosperous eastern Kentucky that helps lead the way for the Bluegrass State.
I&rsquo;m honored to stand beside them today to unveil the Appalachia Proud initiative and advocate on behalf of the future of eastern Kentucky.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read a report from the
Hazard-Herald
in eastern Ky.:
&ldquo;Leaders Talk Agriculture Development in Eastern Kentucky&rdquo;
Upon his arrival to Knott County, Sen. McConnell was greeted by Stephanie Damron of the Knott Co. Tourism Commission and Chris Amburgey, director of Knott Co. Sportsplex
Sen. McConnell visits with Mike Lewis of Rockcastle County. He is the director of Growing Warriors, a project which helps U.S. veterans learn to farm.
Sen. McConnell meets Kentuckians with the Carl D. Perkins Job Corps Center in Floyd County
Sen. McConnell visits with Bath County Schools Superintendent, Harvey Tackett and his wife, Jan.
Sen. McConnell speaks with David Ledford of London, Ky. with the Appalachian Wildlife Foundation
Senator McConnell Visits with Kentuckians in the Commonwealth
This week, Senator McConnell traveled to eastern Kentucky to visit with Kentuckians in Leburn, Hazard, Hyden, Manchester, and London.
He was joined by Senator Rand Paul and Kentucky Commissioner of Agriculture James Comer at some of the stops. Senator McConnell met with many Kentuckians and listened to their concerns about the Obama Administration&rsquo;s war on coal, Obamacare, and challenges to the local economy.
Senator McConnell spoke with Kentuckians about new ways to create jobs, with the most recent example of Senator McConnell putting a provision in the Farm Bill to give Kentucky the go ahead to produce industrial hemp and use it for pilot projects in our state, which has the potential to create jobs for farmers, as well as at hemp processing plants.
In Hazard, Mayor Nan Gorman and State Sen. Brandon Smith welcomed Sen. McConnell to address the Hazard/Perry County Chamber of Commerce at Hazard Community and Technical College
Sen. McConnell addresses the Hazard/Perry County Chamber of Commerce
Sen. McConnell visited and spoke with fellow Kentuckians gathered at the Leslie County Courthouse in Hyden
Sen. McConnell visited with Kentuckians at Wildcat Harley-Davidson in London
During the event at Wildcat Harley-Davidson, Senator McConnell spoke about President Obama's War on Coal and the economy.
Senator McConnell also enjoyed meeting Boy Scout troop members during his visit to London, KY
Senator McConnell Discusses Obamacare with Kentuckians
In addition to visiting with members of eastern Kentucky communities, Senator McConnell also visited Manchester Memorial Hospital in Manchester, Kentucky. He has made visits all across the Commonwealth to hear from Kentuckians at health care facilities about their experiences with Obamacare and how it is affecting their families and communities. Senator McConnell has participated in more than 60 hospital town hall meetings.
During his visit to Manchester Memorial Hospital, Senator McConnell spoke about the need to start over and replace Obamacare with bipartisan reforms.
Senator McConnell discusses healthcare and the economy with Kentuckians at Manchester Memorial Hospital
Senator McConnell speaks with Kate Clemons, a medical student at the University of Pikeville
Be a part of the discussion, click
HERE
to share your story with Senator McConnell regarding how Obamacare and the Obama economy are affecting you, your family or small business.
Five-Year Anniversary of President Obama&rsquo;s Stimulus
McConnell: Five years later, the stimulus is no success to celebrate. It is a tragedy to lament.
Five years ago Monday, President Obama signed the signature economic proposal of his presidency, saying that the passage of the $787 billion economic stimulus package heralded the &ldquo;the beginning of the end&rdquo; of the Great Recession.
In an op-ed this week, Senator McConnell wrote, &ldquo;Republicans have always been willing to work with the president on reforms that would have broad bipartisan support, and, we believe, a far better impact on the lives and livelihoods of ordinary Americans. Things like paring back regulations, tapping into vast domestic energy resources through projects like the Keystone XL Pipeline, and putting the nation&rsquo;s finances on a more solid footing, just to name a few.
&ldquo;To some, it may seem like the two parties in Washington are locked in some never-ending debate about the real unemployment rate versus the official unemployment rate, about whether to raise the minimum wage or extend emergency unemployment insurance one more time, or when exactly the debt limit will be breached. In recent days, we have even debated whether fewer people holding down a job as a result of Obamacare is a good or a bad thing.
&ldquo;But to focus on the day-to-day debates is to miss a larger point. It&rsquo;s to forget that the record expansion of all these government programs is proof that more Americans are in need of help today than they were in 2009; that the president&rsquo;s policies have failed the very people they were intended to help. If the stimulus had been the great success its supporters predicted, we would not be having these debates.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s entire op-ed posted by
Reuters :
&ldquo;Despite stimulus, middle class still struggles&rdquo;
CBO Report: President Obama&rsquo;s Minimum Wage Plan Could Cost Up To 1 Million Jobs
On Tuesday, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) released their report stating that President Obama&rsquo;s plan to raise the minimum wage could result in as many as one million fewer jobs, as well as higher consumer costs for middle-class families in Kentucky.
Senator McConnell commented on the CBO&rsquo;s report on job losses from the President&rsquo;s plan saying, &ldquo;The CBO report shows that raising the minimum wage could destroy as many as one million jobs, a devastating blow to the very people that need help most in this economy. If and when President Obama and his allies try to push this irresponsible proposal, they should be prepared to explain why up to a million Americans should be kept from having a job&mdash;beyond the work already lost due to Obamacare. We need real solutions that help Americans find stable, well-paying jobs, not poll-tested proposals that destroy them. That&rsquo;s a debate we should have, and it&rsquo;s one my Senate colleages and I are eager to have.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell will continue to identify ways to help stimulate the economy through legislation that incentivizes entrepreneurship and tears down regulations that make it harder to create and maintain jobs. He will continue to promote tax incentives for small businesses and advance pro-agriculture initiatives that will encourage economic growth in Kentucky.
Visiting our Nation's Capital
If you&rsquo;re planning a trip to Washington, D.C., please check out Senator McConnell's
website
or visit his office while you are in town. We have information on tours, places to visit and local restaurants to help make your trip to the nation&rsquo;s capital one to remember.
On the Air
On Friday, Senator McConnell will join Terry Meiners in studio for the Terry Meiners radio show on 84WHAS in Louisville.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation's capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
