
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Aloha David,
I hope you and your &lsquo;ohana are well!
I'm missing Hawai&lsquo;i&rsquo;s warmth, especially now!
Here's an email with a brief update and recap on my last visit home.
This week, I
introduced legislation
in the House of Representatives to exempt Hawai&lsquo;i and Alaska from a significant airline security fee hike that passed Congress in the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013. The &ldquo;Aviation Passenger Security Fee&rdquo; was more than doubled from $2.50 to $5.60 for every one-way airplane trip. For Hawai&lsquo;i residents who rely on air travel as a lifeline, this fee hike is absolutely unacceptable.
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard meets constituents at a town hall meeting in Kne&lsquo;ohe, where she delivered an update on her work in Congress, shared her goals for 2014, heard from local residents, and took in casework requests.
An increase in airline fees or taxes unfairly burdens travelers on our islands who depend on affordable air travel just to go to work, access healthcare, or visit family and friends. We have no other option than to fly interisland. By passing my bill, Congress would again recognize the unique travel needs of our state, as it has done several times in the past.
I look forward to working with our Hawai&lsquo;i delegation to move this legislation forward.
Staying Connected to You
Last week, I was fortunate to be working and meeting with people across the state of Hawai&lsquo;i. Mahalo to the nearly 150 residents who took the time to come out and talk story with me at my townhall meetings in Kne&lsquo;ohe and Kona.
Listening to your ideas and concerns, and learning how I can best serve you in Congress, are the most important duties of my job.
The congresswoman met with local farmers on O &lsquo; ahu and Hawai &lsquo; i Island to see first-hand how her amendment to the FARM Bill will directly support their efforts to combat the destructive coffee berry borer pest that has devastated coffee crops in Hawai &lsquo; i.
On O&lsquo;ahu and Hawai&lsquo;i Island, I toured coffee farms and met with members of the Kona Coffee Farmers Association.
We discussed efforts to combat the devastating Coffee Berry Borer pest that has attacked Hawai&lsquo;i crops and other challenges faced by local farmers and small business owners. When I returned to Washington this week, I
voted for a FARM bill
in the House that included my measure to authorize funding to help our farmers defend against invasive species.
In Honolulu, I had the privilege of delivering the keynote speech to a Sisters in Arms meeting, which was followed by an emotional re-enlistment ceremony for a survivor of a violent sexual assault that was committed by a fellow soldier while on duty.
She is now a strong advocate for preventing military sexual assault and provides support for fellow survivor-warriors. Her story is another reminder why we need to bring
necessary changes
to ensure our men and women in uniform get the justice they deserve.
At a Sisters in Arms meeting in Honolulu, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard assists in the re-enlistment ceremony of a courageous sexual assault survivor whose perpetrator continues to wear the uniform. The congresswoman has introduced legislation to make necessary changes to the military justice system to ensure our men and women in uniform get the justice they deserve.
During my work week in Hawai&lsquo;i, I also:
Paid my respects in memory of 1st Lt. Nainoa Hoe, who was killed in action in Iraq nine years ago, in a ceremony at Schofield Barracks, with his father Allen, and brother Nakoa;
Visited with wounded warriors assigned to the Schofield Barracks Warrior Transition Battalion;
Met with members of the Japanese Diet to reaffirm our strong U.S.-Japan partnership, and shared interests in the Pacific region;
Toured the VA's Kona Community Based Outpatient Clinic, which serves West Hawai&lsquo;i Island veterans;
Attended the opening day ceremony for the 63rd annual YMCA Youth in Government program;
Honored Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day at an annual event hosted by the Honolulu NAACP.
I&rsquo;m looking forward to my next opportunity to work in Hawai&lsquo;i and visit with residents on Lna&lsquo;i, Kaua&lsquo;i, and in Hana during the week of February 17th. Please remember, my door is always open. I encourage you to share your ideas, questions and concerns with me and my team!
Kung Hee Fat Choy!
Tulsi Gabbard
Member of Congress (HI-02)
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington, D.C. Office
502 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4906
Office Hours: M-F 9-6 p.m.
Fax: (202) 225-4987
Honolulu District Office
300 Ala Moana Blvd.,
5-104 Prince Kuhio Bldg.
Honolulu, HI 96850
Phone: (808) 541-1986
Hours: M-F 8-5 p.m.
Fax: (808) 538-0233
Click Here
to be removed from this list
