
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Break through Washington dysfunction to help Hoosiers
It goes without saying that Americans are deeply frustrated with
Washington's dysfunction. I am too. Heading into the new year, the
current session of Congress is on track to go down as one of the most
unproductive in recent history.
I served in the Senate from 1989 to 1998, and since returning in 2011,
I have found that in many ways the institution no longer resembles its
former self. Many blame the lack of progress on a divided government,
but this is not a new concept for America.
Throughout the first half of my term, I canvassed our state and heard
directly from Hoosiers on how government is affecting their lives. At
coffee shops, diners, schools, hospitals, military bases, farms and
factories, I listened to Hoosiers' stories and suggestions for better
policies.
Now I am unveiling a legislative road map based on those ideas. This
plan, "The Indiana Way," centers on 10 priorities, many of which
incorporate ideas that have bipartisan support:
- Protecting Hoosiers from the burdens of Obamacare. The president has
thwarted attempts to repeal Obamacare so Congress can replace it with
cost-effective alternatives. However, we can take action to limit the
negative impacts of the law, starting by ensuring individuals and
families receive the same exemption from health-care mandates that the
administration has given to businesses. Let's also repeal the medical
device tax in the health-care law. Repealing this tax is supported by
79 senators and will protect thousands of Hoosier jobs.
- Unlocking affordable energy. Indiana produces more than 85 percent of
its electricity from coal-fired sources, providing families and
businesses with access to affordable and reliable electricity. I will
introduce a series of solutions that balance environment protection
with increasing access to energy resources that fuel thousands of
Indiana jobs.
- Growing manufacturing jobs. Regulatory reform will help Hoosier
businesses focus on creating more jobs. I am sponsoring legislation
that will protect businesses from burdensome restrictions and
unnecessary paperwork.
- Financing infrastructure. Our state must have adequate funding to
maintain and improve our infrastructure both by ensuring Indiana gets
its fair share of federal dollars and by pursuing public-private
partnerships. I recently announced legislation that will make it easier
for states and municipalities to finance their infrastructure projects
through an innovative funding mechanism.
- Saving family farms. The death tax is one of the top reasons family
farms and family-owned businesses do not survive to the next
generation. Congress must eliminate it.
- Supporting community banks and small businesses. Community banks play
a key role in helping local businesses and should not pay the price for
Wall Street's failures. I am sponsoring legislation that would maintain
the ability of our community banks to focus on helping families and
local employers.
- Eliminating waste and fraud in health and retirement security
programs. Borrowing from our children to pay for past promises is
generational theft. While Congress and the president must work to
reform these safety net programs to make them solvent, I will work to
eliminate waste, fraud and abuse.
- Making the tax system simpler and fairer. I am continuing my work on
bipartisan, comprehensive tax reform that will result in more jobs,
lower taxes and a stronger economy.
- Supporting community and faith-based groups. As Washington is forced
to reduce spending, community and faith-based groups increasingly are
filling the void. These organizations should be allowed to grow without
federal interference. Additionally, Congress must protect the
conscience clauses guaranteed by the First Amendment.
- Protecting our homeland and promoting Indiana's defense assets. From
our military installations to Hoosier defense contractors and
universities, our state has a strong arsenal of resources to support
our troops. I will continue to champion these assets in Washington.
Additionally, I will push for cyber security legislation to protect our
economy and Indiana businesses.
These ideas don't come from Washington bureaucrats; they come directly
from Hoosiers. The Indiana Way will help put us back on a path toward
growth and prosperity.
Coats in the News
Fund offers hope for device-tax foes
Coats: Responsible reforms needed for intelligence community
Process of disinterring killer from military cemetery moving along
_____
Stay Connected
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Break through Washington dysfunction to help Hoosiers
It
goes without saying that Americans are deeply frustrated with Washington&#8217;s dysfunction. I am too.
Heading into the new year, the current session of Congress is on track to go down as one of the most
unproductive in recent history.
I served in the Senate from 1989 to 1998, and since returning in 2011, I have found that in many
ways the institution no longer resembles its former self. Many blame the lack of progress on a divided
government, but this is not a new concept for America.
Throughout the first half of my term, I canvassed our state and heard directly from Hoosiers on
how government is affecting their lives. At coffee shops, diners, schools, hospitals, military bases,
farms and factories, I listened to Hoosiers&#8217; stories and suggestions for better policies.
Now I am unveiling a legislative road map based on those ideas. This plan, "The Indiana Way,"
centers on 10 priorities, many of which incorporate ideas that have bipartisan support:
-
Protecting Hoosiers from the burdens of Obamacare.
The president has thwarted attempts
to repeal Obamacare so Congress can replace it with cost-effective alternatives. However, we can take
action to limit the negative impacts of the law, starting by ensuring individuals and families receive
the same exemption from health-care mandates that the administration has given to businesses. Let&#8217;s
also repeal the medical device tax in the health-care law. Repealing this tax is supported by 79 senators
and will protect thousands of Hoosier jobs.
-
Unlocking affordable energy.
Indiana produces more than 85 percent of its electricity
from coal-fired sources, providing families and businesses with access to affordable and reliable electricity.
I will introduce a series of solutions that balance environment protection with increasing access to
energy resources that fuel thousands of Indiana jobs.
-
Growing manufacturing jobs.
Regulatory reform will help Hoosier businesses focus on
creating more jobs. I am sponsoring legislation that will protect businesses from burdensome restrictions
and unnecessary paperwork.
-
Financing infrastructure.
Our state must have adequate funding to maintain and improve
our infrastructure both by ensuring Indiana gets its fair share of federal dollars and by pursuing public-private
partnerships. I recently announced legislation that will make it easier for states and municipalities
to finance their infrastructure projects through an innovative funding mechanism.
-
Saving family farms.
The death tax is one of the top reasons family farms and family-owned
businesses do not survive to the next generation. Congress must eliminate it.
-
Supporting community banks and small businesses.
Community banks play a key role in
helping local businesses and should not pay the price for Wall Street&#8217;s failures. I am sponsoring
legislation that would maintain the ability of our community banks to focus on helping families and local
employers.
-
Eliminating waste and fraud in health and retirement security programs.
Borrowing from
our children to pay for past promises is generational theft. While Congress and the president must work
to reform these safety net programs to make them solvent, I will work to eliminate waste, fraud and abuse.
-
Making the tax system simpler and fairer.
I am continuing my work on bipartisan, comprehensive
tax reform that will result in more jobs, lower taxes and a stronger economy.
-
Supporting community and faith-based groups.
As Washington is forced to reduce spending,
community and faith-based groups increasingly are filling the void. These organizations should be allowed
to grow without federal interference. Additionally, Congress must protect the conscience clauses guaranteed
by the First Amendment.
-
Protecting our homeland and promoting Indiana&#8217;s defense assets.
From our military
installations to Hoosier defense contractors and universities, our state has a strong arsenal of resources
to support our troops. I will continue to champion these assets in Washington. Additionally, I will push
for cyber security legislation to protect our economy and Indiana businesses.
These ideas don&#8217;t come from Washington bureaucrats; they come directly from Hoosiers. The
Indiana Way will help put us back on a path toward growth and prosperity.
Coats
in the News
Fund
offers hope for device-tax foes
Coats:
Responsible reforms needed for intelligence community
Process
of disinterring killer from military cemetery moving along
Stay Connected
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
