
While the $15 billion price tag for this project is a lot of money, it pales in comparison to the damage that Asian carp would cause to the Great Lakes fishery, which is valued at $7 billion annually. Without effective means to protect our Great Lakes and potentially inland waterways from this aquatic invasive species highway, the $4.8 billion in retail spending by sportsmen and women and the additional $3.2 billion per year in recreational boating-related spending and the economic ripple effect that spending has upon our states economy will falter along with our states tourism industry and the outdoor traditions that we treasure in Michigan. We urge your fellow Congressional and U.S. Senate colleagues to support funding necessary to undertake this initiative. Thank you for standing up in support of the Great Lakes, Michigans sportsmen and women and the conservation of our natural resources.
2/11/14 - Erin McDonough, Executive Director
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
MUCC Endorses Rep. Millers Bill to Stop Asian Carp from Invading Great Lakes
Feb 12, 2014
WASHINGTON
Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) issued the following statement after the Michigan
United Conservation Clubs (MUCC) backed her legislative proposal to prevent Asian carp from invading the Great Lakes, the Defending Against Aquatic Invasive Species Act of 2014 (H.R. 4001):
Preventing this invasive species from entering Lake Michigan is not only imperative to the preservation of the economic vitality
of the Great Lakes region but also the international community that relies on its precious resources,
Miller noted.
I value MUCCs input, and with their support
along with other local, national and international stakeholders
we will advance this important, necessary initiative.
Michigan
United Conservation Clubs
While the $15 billion price tag for this project is a lot of money, it pales in comparison to the damage that Asian carp would cause to the Great Lakes fishery, which is valued at $7 billion annually. Without effective means to protect our Great Lakes and
potentially inland waterways from this aquatic invasive species highway, the $4.8 billion in retail spending by sportsmen and women and the additional $3.2 billion per year in recreational boating-related spending and the economic ripple effect that spending
has upon our states economy will falter along with our states tourism industry and the outdoor traditions that we treasure in Michigan. We urge your fellow Congressional and U.S. Senate colleagues to support funding necessary to undertake this initiative.
Thank you for standing up in support of the Great Lakes, Michigans sportsmen and women and the conservation of our natural resources.
2/11/14 - Erin McDonough, Executive Director
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
