
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
February 14, 2014
Dear Friends,
Happy Valentine's Day!
Georgia experienced another major winter storm event this week, with
power outages, downed trees and impassable roads due to ice and snow.
As areas such as Augusta continue to recover, I thank all those
neighbors who helped each other out, the DOT, power companies, first
responders and all those who worked to keep so many Georgians safe.
Debt Ceiling
The U.S. House of Representatives on Tuesday voted to increase the
nation's borrowing limit - also known as "raising the debt ceiling" --
through March 2015, by a vote of 222 to 201. On Wednesday, the Senate
approved the House-passed measure by a vote of 55 to 43. The
legislation that passed both chambers raised the debt ceiling without
any provisions to reduce our debt and deficits. I voted against raising
the debt ceiling because it should only be raised in tandem with
structural entitlement reforms such as with Medicare and Social
Security. This week's vote was a missed opportunity to try to secure
some real reforms.
Biennial Budgeting
This week, the House Budget Committee approved -- with bipartisan
support -- a biennial budget bill that will reform the way federal
dollars are budgeted and appropriated. The bipartisan biennial
budgeting legislation
that I have introduced with Sen. Jeanne
Shaheen, D-N.H., and the Biennial Budgeting and Enhanced Oversight Act,
sponsored by Rep. Reid Ribble, R-Wis.-8, and approved Tuesday, would
reform the current budget and appropriations system by converting it
from an annual process to a two-year cycle. The bill cleared the House
Budget Committee with a strong, bipartisan vote of 22-10
.
The House Budget Committee's passage of biennial budgeting legislation
marks another milestone in our efforts to reform our nation's broken
budget process. I applaud the Committee for its support, and I look
forward to working with my colleagues in both chambers on this
much-needed legislation as it will go a long way to get us back in the
business of budgeting, appropriating and conducting oversight on a
regular basis.
Pathway to Economic Health
On Wednesday, I spoke on the floor of the Senate
, calling on President Obama and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid,
D-Nev., to act on four things that would make an immediate, positive
impact on our economy: passage of trade promotion authority, approval
of the Keystone pipeline, reform of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and
reauthorization of the Workforce Investment Act.
"The president has talked a lot about how he wants to create more jobs
and how he can do this with the stroke of his pen. In response to these
claims, I have several items for President Obama's suggestion box that
he and the Senate Democrats can act on to make a real and immediate
difference in putting people back to work and growing the economy.
"First, the president said in his State of the Union speech that he is
in favor of passing trade promotion authority. The president should
talk to Sen. Reid about bringing this to the Senate floor for approval.
We have pending trade opportunities before us - the Trans-Pacific
Partnership and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership -
that will create jobs here at home by boosting the export of U.S. goods
and services.
"Second, I continue to urge the president to allow the Keystone XL
Pipeline to go forward. This project will create thousands of jobs and
help secure our nation's energy future. The State Department has signed
off on this project and concluded that it would have no significant
impact on the environment. This project makes sense for America.
"Third, we need to ensure that well-qualified homebuyers have access to
affordable loans so they can realize the American dream of
homeownership. I also continue to urge the administration and the
Senate to support my efforts to reform government-sponsored entities,
such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, so we get taxpayers out of the
business of bailing out the housing market.
"Finally, I urge the president and my colleagues to reauthorize the
Workforce Investment Act to ensure that Americans receive the training
they need to find jobs. This bill has languished for six years awaiting
renewal. Let's get it done today."
For more information on these initiatives, click here
.
Keystone XL Pipeline
This week, Sen. Saxby Chambliss and I joined all 45 Republican senators
in writing to the president to again call for approval of the Keystone
XL pipeline.
Our letter comes in response to the State Department's release, as
mentioned above, of the fifth and final environmental impact statement
on the Keystone XL pipeline that found the project would have no
significant impact on the environment, clearing the way for approval of
the project.
The $7 billion, 1,700-mile, high-tech Keystone XL pipeline will carry
830,000 barrels of oil a day to U.S. refineries, including oil from
Alberta, Canada, in addition to 100,000 barrels per day of light, sweet
crude from the U.S. Bakken region in North Dakota and Montana. During
the construction phase, the project will create thousands of jobs,
according to the U.S. State Department.
Further Obamacare Delays
On Monday, the Obama administration issued a second round of delays to
the employer mandate in Obamacare. The Treasury Department said
businesses with fewer than 100 workers now will be allowed to wait
until 2016 to meet the requirement of covering their workers or facing
a fine.
The administration's further delay of Obamacare is further proof that
this terrible law needs to be repealed and replaced. It is simply wrong
and unfair to continue to allow Obamacare to inflict pain on individual
Americans who are seeing their plans canceled, seeing their premiums
spike and losing their doctors. Every single American should be
exempted from this monstrosity.
Preserving Free Speech from IRS Overreach
Also this week, I co-sponsored legislation to stop the Internal Revenue
Service from implementing its proposal to severely curtail the
political activities of 501(c)(4) groups.
S.2011, the Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act, would
protect the free-speech rights of 501(c)(4) organizations by
prohibiting for one year the finalization of a proposed IRS regulation
to significantly limit the advocacy and educational activities of these
groups. The bill would also prevent additional targeting of 501(c)(4)
organizations by restoring the IRS 501(c)(4) standards and definitions
that were in place before the start of the IRS' targeting of
conservative groups in 2010.
Our Founding Fathers made freedom of speech the First Amendment right
to the Constitution for a reason, and I am proud to join my colleagues
in ensuring that our Constitutional rights are preserved for groups of
all political beliefs. As a member of the Senate Finance Committee, I
will continue to do all that I can to ensure that the corruption and
politicization we've recently seen within the IRS never happens again.
For more information, click here
.
What's on Tap?
On Friday, Feb. 21, I will host a town hall meeting in Savannah, Ga.,
at Armstrong Atlantic University's Armstrong Center at 2 p.m. For more
information on this event and other upcoming opportunities to meet with
me or a member of my staff in your area, please visit the town hall
meeting page of my website
.
When the Senate returns on Feb. 24, 2014, the Senate will begin work on
the veterans benefits legislation.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
February 14, 2014
Dear Friends,
Happy Valentine&#8217;s Day!
Georgia experienced another major winter
storm event this week, with power outages, downed trees and impassable roads due to ice and snow. As
areas such as Augusta continue to recover, I thank all those neighbors who helped each other out, the
DOT, power companies, first responders and all those who worked to keep so many Georgians safe.
Debt Ceiling
The U.S. House of Representatives
on Tuesday voted to increase the nation&#8217;s borrowing limit &#8211; also known as &#8220;raising
the debt ceiling&#8221; -- through March 2015, by a vote of 222 to 201. On Wednesday, the Senate approved
the House-passed measure by a vote of 55 to 43. The legislation that passed both chambers raised the
debt ceiling without any provisions to reduce our debt and deficits. I voted against raising the debt
ceiling because it should only be raised in tandem with structural entitlement reforms such as with Medicare
and Social Security. This week&#8217;s vote was a missed opportunity to try to secure some real reforms.
Biennial Budgeting
This week, the House Budget Committee
approved -- with bipartisan support -- a biennial budget bill that will reform the way federal dollars
are budgeted and appropriated. The
bipartisan
biennial budgeting legislation
that I have introduced with Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., and the
Biennial
Budgeting and Enhanced Oversight Act , sponsored by Rep. Reid Ribble, R-Wis.-8, and approved Tuesday,
would reform the current budget and appropriations system by converting it from an annual process to
a two-year cycle. The bill cleared the House Budget Committee with a strong,
bipartisan
vote of 22-10 .
The House Budget Committee&#8217;s
passage of biennial budgeting legislation marks another milestone in our efforts to reform our nation&#8217;s
broken budget process. I applaud the Committee for its support, and I look forward to working with my
colleagues in both chambers on this much-needed legislation as it will go a long way to get us back in
the business of budgeting, appropriating and conducting oversight on a regular basis.
Pathway to Economic
Health
On Wednesday,
I
spoke on the floor of the Senate , calling on President Obama and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid,
D-Nev., to act on four things that would make an immediate, positive impact on our economy: passage of
trade promotion authority, approval of the Keystone pipeline, reform of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and
reauthorization of the
Workforce Investment Act .
&#8220;The president has
talked a lot about how he wants to create more jobs and how he can do this with the stroke of his pen.
In response to these claims, I have several items for President Obama&#8217;s suggestion box that he
and the Senate Democrats can act on to make a real and immediate difference in putting people back to
work and growing the economy.
&#8220;First, the president
said in his State of the Union speech that he is in favor of passing trade promotion authority. The president
should talk to Sen. Reid about bringing this to the Senate floor for approval. We have pending trade
opportunities before us &#8211; the Trans-Pacific Partnership and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment
Partnership &#8211; that will create jobs here at home by boosting the export of U.S. goods and services.
&#8220;Second, I continue
to urge the president to allow the Keystone XL Pipeline to go forward. This project will create thousands
of jobs and help secure our nation&#8217;s energy future. The State Department has signed off on this
project and concluded that it would have no significant impact on the environment. This project makes
sense for America.
&#8220;Third, we need
to ensure that well-qualified homebuyers have access to affordable loans so they can realize the American
dream of homeownership. I also continue to urge the administration and the Senate to support my efforts
to reform government-sponsored entities, such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, so we get taxpayers out
of the business of bailing out the housing market.
&#8220;Finally, I urge
the president and my colleagues to reauthorize the
Workforce Investment Act
to ensure that Americans
receive the training they need to find jobs. This bill has languished for six years awaiting renewal.
Let&#8217;s get it done today.&#8221;
For more information on
these initiatives,
click
here .
Keystone XL Pipeline
This week, Sen. Saxby Chambliss and
I joined all 45 Republican senators in writing to the president to again call for approval of the Keystone
XL pipeline.
Our letter comes in response
to the State Department&#8217;s release, as mentioned above, of the fifth and final environmental impact
statement on the Keystone XL pipeline that found the project would have no significant impact on the
environment, clearing the way for approval of the project.
The $7 billion, 1,700-mile,
high-tech Keystone XL pipeline will carry 830,000 barrels of oil a day to U.S. refineries, including
oil from Alberta, Canada, in addition to 100,000 barrels per day of light, sweet crude from the U.S.
Bakken region in North Dakota and Montana. During the construction phase, the project will create thousands
of jobs, according to the U.S. State Department.
Further Obamacare Delays
On Monday, the Obama administration
issued a second round of delays to the employer mandate in Obamacare. The Treasury Department said businesses
with fewer than 100 workers now will be allowed to wait until 2016 to meet the requirement of covering
their workers or facing a fine.
The administration&#8217;s
further delay of Obamacare is further proof that this terrible law needs to be repealed and replaced.
It is simply wrong and unfair to continue to allow Obamacare to inflict pain on individual Americans
who are seeing their plans canceled, seeing their premiums spike and losing their doctors. Every single
American should be exempted from this monstrosity.
Preserving Free Speech
from IRS Overreach
Also this week, I co-sponsored
legislation to stop the Internal Revenue Service from implementing its proposal to severely curtail the
political activities of 501(c)(4) groups.
S.2011, the
Stop
Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act ,
would protect the free-speech rights of 501(c)(4) organizations by prohibiting for one year the finalization
of a proposed IRS regulation to significantly limit the advocacy and educational activities of these
groups. The bill would also prevent additional targeting of 501(c)(4) organizations by restoring the
IRS 501(c)(4) standards and definitions that were in place before the start of the IRS&#8217; targeting
of conservative groups in 2010.
Our
Founding Fathers made freedom of speech the First Amendment right to the Constitution for a reason, and
I am proud to join my colleagues in ensuring that our Constitutional rights are preserved for groups
of all political beliefs. As a member of the Senate Finance Committee, I will continue to do all that
I can to ensure that the corruption and politicization we&#8217;ve recently seen within the IRS never
happens again. For more information,
click
here .
What&#8217;s on Tap?
On Friday, Feb. 21, I
will host a town hall meeting in Savannah, Ga., at Armstrong Atlantic University&#8217;s Armstrong Center
at 2 p.m. For more information on this event and other upcoming opportunities to meet with me or a member
of my staff in your area, please
visit
the town hall meeting page of my website .
When the Senate returns
on Feb. 24, 2014, the Senate will begin work on the veterans benefits legislation.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
