 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
JEWELL COUNTY
Friday, Feb. 7 at 10:15 a.m.
Community Center
Randall
PHILLIPS COUNTY
Friday, Feb. 7 at 2 p.m.
Community Room
Agra
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
January 27, 2013
Dear Friend,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thanks for your continued interest in
receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
Spring Hill and Overland Park Chamber Meetings
On Monday, I spoke at the Spring Hill Chamber of Commerce luncheon.
Conversations with chamber members included a variety of topics such as
the Omnibus appropriations bill, reducing regulatory burdens, and how
to grow the economy and create jobs. I also enjoyed visiting with
Spring Hill High School Social Studies Teacher Nacole Boan and her
students who shared their views on education issues. Thanks to Spring
Hill Chamber Executive Director Ann Jensen for invitation. Click here
to see a photo.
This week, I also had the opportunity to meet with
the Overland Park Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors, Past Chairs
and Government Affairs Committee. We discussed a myriad of topics
including infrastructure funding, regulatory reform, reducing the
deficit, entrepreneurship and fiscal responsibility. I appreciated
their input and will continue working to create an environment where
their businesses can succeed. Click here
to see a photo.
Pictured with me here (left to right) is Chairman of the Board Jim
Holland, Government Affairs Chair Tom Robinett, President Tracey
Osborne and Vice President of Government Affairs Jennifer Bruning.
Breakfast with Kansas Skilled Nursing and Assisted Living Providers
On Tuesday morning I attended a breakfast reception in Shawnee with
members of the Kansas Health Care Association/Kansas Center for
Assisted Living Association at Sharon Lane Health Services in Shawnee.
KHCA is an association of long-term and post-acute care providers, and
Sharon Lane Health Services provides a first-rate skilled nursing
environment. They are resident-centered and attempt to accommodate the
needs of each resident. The breakfast was a good opportunity for me to
visit with health providers caring for Kansans in skilled nursing and
assisted living facilities across our state.
During the meeting, I learned about KHCA's coordinated effort to
improve the quality of care in Kansas skilled nursing facilities by
setting and striving for measurable goals in specific areas of care.
The objectives of this voluntary initiative are to improve the lives of
patients while also reducing health care costs. We also discussed some
of the challenges skilled nursing and assisted living providers face
due to the administrative burden of various regulations and reduced
Medicare/Medicaid reimbursements for providing elderly and disabled
Kansans complex medical and rehabilitative care. Thanks to KHCA
President/CEO Cindy Luxem for inviting me to this breakfast. Thanks to
Harry and Connie Baum of Sharon Lane Health Services for hosting the
event.
March for Life
For 40 years, Americans have come to Washington from across the country
to walk in support of the inalienable right to life. This year, more
than 400 students - one-quarter of the student body -from Benedictine
College in Atchison led the tens-of-thousands of pro-life marchers who
braved the frigid temperatures. They were joined by joined by about 30
students from Rockhurst University in Kansas City, Emporia State
University in Emporia, and Newman University. Hundreds of Kansas high
school students and their chaperones also made the 48-hour round-trip
bus ride to advocate for the inherent dignity of every human life.
Click here
to see a photo.
Visiting Ransom Memorial Hospital in Ottawa
On Monday, I traveled to Franklin County to tour Ransom Memorial
Hospital (RMH) in Ottawa. I always appreciate the opportunity to learn
more about the challenges health care providers are encountering in the
delivery of health care in Kansas communities. RMH has been serving the
residents of Franklin County and the surrounding area since 1931, and
provides a wide range of health services including emergency, cardiac
rehabilitation, surgery, rehabilitation therapy, audiology and
laboratory services.
During my visit, we discussed concerns with federal regulations that
fail take into account the realities of providing care in small, rural
hospitals. We also discussed the serious challenges RMH faces due to
Affordable Care Act Medicare cuts, the costs and inflexibility
associated with CMS' electronic health records incentive program, and
unnecessarily onerous Medicare audit regulations. All these issues
significantly impact the financial well-being of Kansas hospitals,
potentially jeopardizing their ability to sufficiently serve their
communities. Thanks to Dr. John Gollier and Dr. Rodney McCalla for the
valuable discussion, to RMH CEO Larry Felix for hosting me, and to
Executive Secretary Jody Sylvester for coordinating my visit.
Visiting with Kansas State Farm Agents
This week, I enjoyed visiting with Kansas State Farm Insurance agents
about several legislative efforts pending in Congress that would more
appropriately regulate the insurance industry. Thanks to State Farm
Public Affairs Specialist Tamara O'Conner for the invitation to meet
with agents Jim LaDuke, Debbie Swinney, Charlie Hughes, Mark Berquiest,
Julie Stoll and Nazyrah Rogers.
Honoring Russ Meyer as Recipient of Wichita Aero Club Trophy
On Saturday, I had the honor of helping present the 2013 Wichita Aero
Club Trophy to Cessna Chairman Emeritus, Russ Meyer. For nearly 40
years, Mr. Meyer was considered by many to be the "face" of Wichita's
aviation industry. As the CEO of Cessna for more than 25 years, he was
instrumental in the company's significant growth and success. Mr. Meyer
not only led Cessna to new heights, but his leadership as the chairman
of the General Aviation Manufacturers Association has been regarded as
the most far-reaching and effective in the history of general aviation.
Mr. Meyer's passions include his ongoing work in the Wichita community
and his role as a husband, father and grandfather. Mr. Meyer is well
respected for his professional abilities, but also admired for his
compassion and commitment to helping others succeed.
The Wichita Aero Club exists to foster and promote interest in
aviation, provide a forum that focuses on the industry's issues and
achievements, and bring together those with a passion for flight in an
environment that expands and enhances professional relationships.
Congrats again to Mr. Meyer on this achievement. Click here
to see a photo.
Discussing Current Mideast Initiatives in Congress
Monday, I gave remarks at the Republican Jewish Coalition in Leawood.
We discussed the recent negotiations with Iran and my co-sponsorship of
the Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act. The goal of the legislation is to
implement new sanctions if Iran fails to comply with the Joint Plan of
Action or refuses to reach a final agreement. As of this week, this
legislation has 59 cosponsors in the Senate. Other topics of discussion
included the costs of Obamacare and Congress' efforts to balance the
federal budget. Thanks to David and Mrs. Seldner for hosting this
event.
Sedgwick County Listening Tour Stop
On Saturday, I held another Kansas Listening Tour stop in Cheney. More
than 75 folks stopped by to discuss executive branch overreach, veteran
and military issues, over burdensome regulations, and the need for
Republicans and Democrats to work together. Thanks for the good dose of
Kansas common sense. Here, I'm pictured with Cheney native and American
Legion member Alan Nye. Click here
to see a photo.
I appreciate these opportunities to hear from Kansans. Please see below
a listing of upcoming Listening Tour stops that may be in your area.
JEWELL COUNTY
Friday, Feb. 7 at 10:15 a.m.
Randall
PHILLIPS COUNTY
Friday, Feb. 7 at 2 p.m.
Agra
Kansans in the Office
James Reding of Atchison
Unified Government of Wyandotte County and Kansas City, Kansas
Maureen Mahoney of Kansas City
Mayor Mark Holland of Kansas City
Kansas Breastfeeding Coalition, Inc.
Brenda Bandy of Manhattan
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can
also click here
to contact me through one of my
Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING
UP Kansas
Listening Tour
JEWELL COUNTY Friday,
Feb. 7 at 10:15 a.m. Community Center Randall
PHILLIPS
COUNTY Friday, Feb. 7 at 2 p.m. Community Room Agra
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense January
27, 2013
Dear
Friend,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Spring
Hill and Overland Park Chamber Meetings On Monday, I spoke
at the Spring Hill Chamber of Commerce luncheon. Conversations with chamber members included a variety
of topics such as the Omnibus appropriations bill, reducing regulatory burdens, and how to grow the economy
and create jobs. I also enjoyed visiting with Spring Hill High School Social Studies Teacher Nacole Boan
and her students who shared their views on education issues. Thanks to Spring Hill Chamber Executive
Director Ann Jensen for invitation.
Click
here
to see a photo.
This week, I also had the opportunity to meet with the Overland
Park Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors, Past Chairs and Government Affairs Committee. We discussed
a myriad of topics including infrastructure funding, regulatory reform, reducing the deficit, entrepreneurship
and fiscal responsibility. I appreciated their input and will continue working to create an environment
where their businesses can succeed.
Click
here
to see a photo.
Pictured
with me here (left to right) is Chairman of the Board Jim Holland, Government Affairs Chair Tom Robinett,
President Tracey Osborne and Vice President of Government Affairs Jennifer Bruning.
Breakfast
with Kansas Skilled Nursing and Assisted Living Providers On
Tuesday morning I attended a breakfast reception in Shawnee with members of the Kansas Health Care Association/Kansas
Center for Assisted Living Association at Sharon Lane Health Services in Shawnee. KHCA is an association
of long-term and post-acute care providers, and Sharon Lane Health Services provides a first-rate skilled
nursing environment. They are resident-centered and attempt to accommodate the needs of each resident.
The breakfast was a good opportunity for me to visit with health providers caring for Kansans in skilled
nursing and assisted living facilities across our state.
During
the meeting, I learned about KHCA&#8217;s coordinated effort to improve the quality of care in Kansas
skilled nursing facilities by setting and striving for measurable goals in specific areas of care. The
objectives of this voluntary initiative are to improve the lives of patients while also reducing health
care costs. We also discussed some of the challenges skilled nursing and assisted living providers face
due to the administrative burden of various regulations and reduced Medicare/Medicaid reimbursements
for providing elderly and disabled Kansans complex medical and rehabilitative care. Thanks to KHCA President/CEO
Cindy Luxem for inviting me to this breakfast. Thanks to Harry and Connie Baum of Sharon Lane Health
Services for hosting the event.
March
for Life For 40 years, Americans have come to Washington
from across the country to walk in support of the inalienable right to life. This year, more than 400
students &#8212; one-quarter of the student body &#8212;from Benedictine College in Atchison led the
tens-of-thousands of pro-life marchers who braved the frigid temperatures. They were joined by joined
by about 30 students from Rockhurst University in Kansas City, Emporia State University in Emporia, and
Newman University. Hundreds of Kansas high school students and their chaperones also made the 48-hour
round-trip bus ride to advocate for the inherent dignity of every human life.
Click
here
to see a photo.
Visiting
Ransom Memorial Hospital in Ottawa On Monday, I traveled
to Franklin County to tour Ransom Memorial Hospital (RMH) in Ottawa. I always appreciate the opportunity
to learn more about the challenges health care providers are encountering in the delivery of health care
in Kansas communities. RMH has been serving the residents of Franklin County and the surrounding area
since 1931, and provides a wide range of health services including emergency, cardiac rehabilitation,
surgery, rehabilitation therapy, audiology and laboratory services.
During
my visit, we discussed concerns with federal regulations that fail take into account the realities of
providing care in small, rural hospitals. We also discussed the serious challenges RMH faces due to Affordable
Care Act Medicare cuts, the costs and inflexibility associated with CMS&#8217; electronic health records
incentive program, and unnecessarily onerous Medicare audit regulations. All these issues significantly
impact the financial well-being of Kansas hospitals, potentially jeopardizing their ability to sufficiently
serve their communities. Thanks to Dr. John Gollier and Dr. Rodney McCalla for the valuable discussion,
to RMH CEO Larry Felix for hosting me, and to Executive Secretary Jody Sylvester for coordinating my
visit.
Visiting
with Kansas State Farm Agents This week, I enjoyed visiting with Kansas State Farm Insurance
agents about several legislative efforts pending in Congress that would more appropriately regulate the
insurance industry. Thanks to State Farm Public Affairs Specialist Tamara O&#8217;Conner for the invitation
to meet with agents Jim LaDuke, Debbie Swinney, Charlie Hughes, Mark Berquiest, Julie Stoll and Nazyrah
Rogers.
Honoring
Russ Meyer as Recipient of Wichita Aero Club Trophy On
Saturday, I had the honor of helping present the 2013 Wichita Aero Club Trophy to Cessna Chairman Emeritus,
Russ Meyer. For nearly 40 years, Mr. Meyer was considered by many to be the &#8220;face&#8221; of Wichita&#8217;s
aviation industry. As the CEO of Cessna for more than 25 years, he was instrumental in the company&#8217;s
significant growth and success. Mr. Meyer not only led Cessna to new heights, but his leadership as the
chairman of the General Aviation Manufacturers Association has been regarded as the most far-reaching
and effective in the history of general aviation. Mr. Meyer&#8217;s passions include his ongoing work
in the Wichita community and his role as a husband, father and grandfather. Mr. Meyer is well respected
for his professional abilities, but also admired for his compassion and commitment to helping others
succeed.
The
Wichita Aero Club exists to foster and promote interest in aviation, provide a forum that focuses on
the industry&#8217;s issues and achievements, and bring together those with a passion for flight in an
environment that expands and enhances professional relationships. Congrats again to Mr. Meyer on this
achievement.
Click
here
to see a photo.
Discussing
Current
Mideast Initiatives in Congress Monday, I gave remarks
at the Republican Jewish Coalition in Leawood. We discussed the recent negotiations with Iran and my
co-sponsorship of the
Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act.
The
goal of the legislation is to implement new sanctions if Iran fails to comply with the Joint Plan of
Action or refuses to reach a final agreement. As of this week, this legislation has 59 cosponsors in
the Senate. Other topics of discussion included the costs of Obamacare and Congress&#8217; efforts to
balance the federal budget. Thanks to David and Mrs. Seldner for hosting this event.
Sedgwick
County Listening Tour Stop On Saturday, I held another
Kansas Listening Tour stop in Cheney. More than 75 folks stopped by to discuss executive branch overreach,
veteran and military issues, over burdensome regulations, and the need for Republicans and Democrats
to work together. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas common sense. Here, I&#8217;m pictured with Cheney
native and American Legion member Alan Nye.
Click
here
to see a photo.
I
appreciate these opportunities to hear from Kansans. Please see below a listing of upcoming Listening
Tour stops that may be in your area.
JEWELL
COUNTY Friday, Feb. 7 at 10:15 a.m.
Randall
PHILLIPS
COUNTY Friday, Feb. 7 at 2 p.m.
Agra
Kansans
in the Office James Reding of Atchison
Unified
Government of Wyandotte County and Kansas City, Kansas Maureen
Mahoney of Kansas City
Mayor Mark Holland of Kansas City
Kansas
Breastfeeding Coalition, Inc. Brenda Bandy of Manhattan
Honored
to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve
you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their
thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the words of Kansans, whether
in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by
clicking
here . You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
