
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th Congressional
District in the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
February 07, 2014
On Capitol Hill
Serrano Votes Against Further
Food Stamp Cuts
Last week, Congressman Serrano voted
against a bill containing a further $8.6 billion in cuts to the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance (SNAP) benefit formulas. These cuts, which
come on top of reductions last fall, would especially hit New Yorkers, as
they are targeted at people living in states that benefit from the
Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program.
I was saddened to
see a bill that will hurt vulnerable and struggling families pass the
House, said Congressman Serrano. I voted no, and urged my
colleagues to do the same. The bill was called a compromise
since House
Republicans had initially wanted to cut SNAP by $40 billion. Even as that
number was reduced in the final bill, I could not support legislation
that cuts benefits to people struggling to get by.
click here to continue reading this article
Serrano
Reacts to State of the Union Address
Last week,
Congressman Serrano joined Members of Congress for President Obamas State of
the Union address. After the speech, Serrano said the speech hit the
mark and issued a challenge to the Congress to help people with jobs
and economic growth.
The President hit many key points
that matter deeply to the American people, said Congressman Serrano.
His focus on economic opportunity and rewarding work were spot on. I
was particularly gratified by his announcement that he would raise the
minimum wage for federal contractors. Working people should not need to
seek public assistance, because jobs should pay a living wage. The
President was right to challenge Congress yet again to raise the minimum
wage for all workers.
click here to
continue reading this article
Serrano Outraged Republicans Delay
Immigration Reform Yet Again
In the wake of Speaker John
Boehners remarks yesterday casting doubt on House Republicans allowing
immigration reform to come to a vote in 2014, Congressman Jos E.
Serrano expressed his profound disappointment and his outrage at the
tactic.
When Senate Republicans have already voted for a
comprehensive immigration reform bill, I fail to see why House Republicans
are yet again saying they cannot pass a bill this year, said
Congressman Serrano. There seems to be an endless number of excuses by
Republicans for why they cannot vote on any legislation that would fix our
broken immigration system. If Speaker Boehner would simply stare down
the Tea Party faction in his caucus and bring the Senate bill to a vote,
it would pass with a huge bipartisan majority and be signed into law
in a matter of days. Those are the facts. Everything else is a
shameful political show that divides families and hurts our
nation.
click here to continue reading this article
In the
Bronx
Serrano Urges Working Families to
Apply for Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC)
Congressman Serrano
reminded Bronx residents to see if they are eligible for the Earned
Income Tax Credit (EITC) during the approaching tax filing season, and
to claim the credit if they are.
I know that many working
families in the Bronx and elsewhere have a hard time covering the
basic necessities for themselves and their children, said Congressman
Serrano. The EITC is an important opportunity for individuals and
families who had an income of less than $51,567 last year. They should claim
this tax credit which is designed to help working families make ends
meet.
Each year, millions of individuals nationwide miss
out on this important program because they are unsure of their
eligibility, or are concerned about a seemingly complicated process. However,
there are many free resources that will provide you with the tax help
you need to help you claim the EITC. In the Bronx, there are a number
of locations where volunteers will help you claim the EITC, and to
file your taxes for free."
For more information on free tax
preparation locations, please visit
http://www.nyc.gov/html/ofe/html/policy_and_programs/freetaxsite.shtml
or
www.irs.gov/Individuals/Free-Tax-Return-Preparation-for-You-by-Volunteers . You can also call 311 for more
information.
Individuals should come prepared to a volunteer site with the
following:
A valid driver's license or other photo ID
card
Social security cards, a Social Security number
(SSN) verification letter or the Individual Taxpayer Identifying Number
(ITIN) for all persons listed on the return
Birth dates
for all persons listed on return
All income statements:
Forms W-2 and 1099, Social Security, unemployment, and other
statements, such as pensions, stocks, interest and any documents showing taxes
withheld
All records of expenses, such as tuition,
mortgage interest, or real estate taxes
Copies of last
year's state and federal tax returns, if available
Bank
routing numbers and account numbers to direct deposit any
refund
Dependent child care information: name and address of who you
paid and either the caretaker's SSN or other tax identification
number
Both spouses to sign forms to e-file (electronically
file) a joint tax return
Social media survey Social media is a important new way for people to stay in touch.
Which social media sites are
you a member of? Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Other None *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter If you are having trouble,
click here.
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C.
20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax: (202) 225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th
Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax:
(718) 620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
