
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How
Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Our Veterans Deserve Better from the
VA
Dear
Friends:
At a House Veterans Affairs
Oversight &amp; Investigations (O&amp;I) Subcommittee hearing last year, the
Government Accountability Office (GAO) testified that delays in
hospital construction projects in Aurora, Orlando, Las Vegas, and New Orleans
were, on average, 35 months behind schedule and $336 million over
budget. As the Chairman of the O&amp;I Subcommittee and Member of
Congress representing the Aurora project, I believe those numbers are simply
unacceptable, for both the American taxpayer and all veterans in need
of care.
At
best, this pattern of mismanagement indicates utter incompetence -- at
worst, it shows complete disrespect to our nations veterans and to
the American taxpayer by the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)
Office of Construction and Facilities Management.
With respect to the project in
Aurora, the VA claims it will be completed by April of 2015.
However,
all evidence points to that deadline being unrealistic.
That is
why I, along with my Democrat lead on the O&amp;I Subcommittee, Ann
Kirkpatrick of Arizona, introduced legislation to help with the
completion of the VA medical center in Aurora, as well as the projects in
Orlando and New Orleans. H.R. 3593, the VA Construction Assistance Act of
2013, will implement GAO recommended reforms such as assigning
medical equipment planners to major medical construction projects and
streamlining the change-order process.
However, we also go one step further by requiring
that an emergency manager, referred to as a special project manager
from the Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), be appointed to provide
oversight - independent of the VA - for each existing major medical
facility project currently under construction in order to make sure that
the GAO recommendations are fully implemented and to take any additional
steps necessary to help reduce both the cost and the delays that have
plagued these projects.
The USACE will also provide oversight
for both the House and Senate Veterans Affairs Committees so that we
in Congress can be apprised of the progress - or lack thereof - on
these projects.
Although the VA provides great overall healthcare for our veterans, my
Subcommittees tenor and posture in the coming months will be to
vigorously highlight that the VA desperately requires a watchdog in order
to successfully complete its major medical facility construction
projects.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign
up to receive regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this link
$ 18,117,627,441,654
Share on
Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
Coffman
To Meet With Constituents At Koelbel
Library
U.S. Rep. Mike
Coffman
will meet
one-on-one with constituents
at the
Koelbel Library Smoky Hill Library, 5955 So. Holly Street, Centennial,
CO
80121 on
Saturday, February 15th
from
10:00-11:30 AM.
Constituents
are invited to come to the library to
discuss issues that are important to them with Rep. Coffman.
This event is
exclusively for constituents of the 6th Congressional
District.
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman offers proposal to
speed construction of VA hospitals
By Cathy
Proctor
bizjournals.com
Published February 5,
2014
A bipartisan
proposal to speed up construction and curb out of control building
costs for three major Department of Veterans Affairs' hospitals,
including one in Aurora, was introduced in Congress
Wednesday.
The measure was introduced by U.S.
Reps.
Mike Coffman
(R-Aurora)
and Ann Kirkpatrick (D-Ariz.).
Coffman is chairman of the House Veterans Affairs
Subcommittee for Oversight and Investigations, and Kirkpatrick is the
subcommittees lead Democrat.
The proposal, HR 3593, is aimed at fixing ongoing problems with
construction of VA hospitals in Aurora, New Orleans and Orlando, according
to its sponsors.
There is simply no excuse for the VAs construction delays and cost
overruns in building these hospitals, which are for taking care of our
nations veterans, said Coffman, a U.S. Marine Corps combat veteran, in
a statement.
In a
hearing before Coffmans subcommittee last year, the Government
Accountability Office (GAO) testified that major VA medical projects in
Aurora, Orlando, Las Vegas and New Orleans were an average of 35 months
behind schedule and $336 million over budget.
Construction of the hospital in Aurora is said
to be $400 million higher than expected, topping $1 billion, and the
builder, Kiewit-Turner, in 2013 turned to a federal panel to mediate the
dispute over construction costs between it and the
VA.
The GAO said there were chronic
problems in the VAs management of its construction projects and that
the Army Corps of Engineers has built similar projects for the
U.S.Department of Defense under budget and on time, according to the bill
sponsors.
The
resolution implements the GAOs suggestions, such as assigning medical
equipment planners to major VA medical construction projects and streamlining
the change-order process.
And the proposal also goes beyond the recommendations to require
special projects managers from the Army Corps of Engineers,
independent of the VA, be appointed to provide oversight for projects
currently under construction and ensure that the GAOs recommendations are
implemented, according to the sponsors.
The Army Corps of Engineers has a demonstrated
ability to do what the VA has not been able to do and thats why we think
the best solution is to involve them in order to see what can be done
to reduce delays and bring down costs, Kirkpatrick said in a
statement.
House Approves Coffman's Infectious Disease Reporting
Bill
Coffman.House.gov
Released February 3, 2014
(Washington, D.C.)
Today, the U.S. House of
Representatives passed H.R. 1792,
The Infectious Disease
Reporting Act , after amending it on to a comprehensive
veterans omnibus bill, H.R. 357,
The
G.I. Bill Tuition
Fairness Act of 2013 , with strong bipartisan support.
U.S.
Representative
Mike Coffman s original bill, H.R. 1792,
imposes requirements on the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to
report infectious disease outbreaks at their medical facilities to state
public health officials.
The measure was passed by a vote of
390 to 0.
The reporting requirements now in H.R. 357 are vital to ensure the VA
complies with and improves their infectious disease reporting
standards, said Coffman, a Marine Corps combat veteran.
We must do
everything we can to improve patient safety at VA facilities while we
provide the health care that our nations veterans have
earned.
The legislation is a
direct response to a number of investigations involving problems with the
reporting of infectious diseases at VA medical facilities nationwide
that were conducted by the House Veterans Affairs Oversight and
Investigations Subcommittee (O&amp;I) chaired by Coffman.
The
investigations conducted by the O&amp;I subcommittee highlighted a fatal
outbreak of Legionnaires Disease at a Pittsburgh VA hospital from February
2011 to November 2012 that caused the death of at least five veterans
and afflicted another twenty-two.
U.S. Representative Tim Murphy (R-PA), whose
congressional district includes the Pittsburgh VA Healthcare System, praised
the legislation.
While we can never heal the emotional scars suffered by the six
families who lost their loved ones in the preventable outbreak of
Legionnaires disease at the VA Pittsburgh Healthcare System, the Infectious
Disease Reporting Act will help to ensure no one else suffers this
kind of tragedy ever again.
For the health and safety of our
veterans, and all those who work in the facility to serve them, the VA must
follow the same disease- and infection-reporting requirements every
other hospital must abide by. This legislation will do just that by
mandating VA hospitals notify public health agencies of a potentially
deadly disease outbreak, said Murphy.
Section 13 of H.R. 357, contains the language from
H.R. 1792, and it mandates the VA to report each case of an
infectious disease outbreak in accordance with the laws of the respective state
in which a VA facility is located in.
Failure to report any
infectious disease incident to state public health officials will subject
the VA facility to any penalties that could be imposed under state
law.
These penalties
are vital to ensure the VA complies with state law and improves their
reporting requirements.
Given the VAs previous and inadequate
responses to infectious disease outbreaks, our veterans deserve better.
said Coffman.
H.R. 357 passed the House and will now move to the Senate for
consideration.
I hope the
Senate sees the value of this legislation because we can never fully
repay our veterans for the sacrifices they have made and we must do
all that we can to provide the highest quality care and services that
they need and deserve, said Rep. Coffman.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-7882
Fax: (202)
226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place
IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite
#305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 