DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
February 14, 2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Find Me on:
Marchant Votes "No" on Debt Ceiling Increase
I voted against raising the $17 trillion debt ceiling. The bill contained no cuts, offset spending, or reforms that are needed to get our nation's fiscal house in order.
Americans know that something must be done to get our massive national debt on a more sustainable path. This is exactly why I introduced the Debt Management Act (H.R. 3579). This bill would establish tough, timely, and transparent reviews of the national debt to help get our nation's finances under control.
Click
here
to read my full statement on the debt ceiling increase.
Marchant Ranked 3rd Most Conservative House Member
The
National Journal
ranked me as the
3rd most conservative
Member in the House based on my 2013 voting record on key economic, social, and foreign policy issues.
Its a privilege to represent the conservative values of individuals and families of the 24th District of Texas. I will continue to stand strong for the values of limited government, fiscal responsibility, and free markets.
IRS Investigation
Update
I confronted the new IRS Commissioner, John Koskinen, about the administrations refusal to give Congress and the American people the full truth about the IRSs unlawful political targeting.
Over the last two years, the administration has repeatedly changed their narrative about the IRSs abuses of power. They now claim the political targeting was the result of confusion and have drafted new regulations which redefine the scope of activity in which social welfare groups are permitted to engage. It is clear these rules do not apply equally to all nonprofits and would essentially legalize political discrimination against conservative groups. This is why I have cosponsored the
Stop Targeting of Political Beliefs by the IRS Act
( H.R. 3865 ).
Click for video
With the Ways and Means Committee investigation into the IRSs political targeting still incomplete, this bill would prevent the administration from imposing these regulations until the ongoing investigation has concluded.
My constituents, some of whom were personally targeted by the IRS, deserve full disclosure from the administration and equal treatment under the law. This is exactly what I will continue to push for.
Texas Ranked #1 Tech Exporter in America
I was honored to speak at the unveiling of the
Tech Trade in the States 2014
report . According to the report, Texas has now overtaken California as the nations leading tech exporting state.
High-tech exports play a crucial role in creating new jobs and growing the most dynamic parts of the North Texas economy. We must continue building an environment in which entrepreneurship, creativity, and open markets flourish.
Click
here
for a
Dallas Morning News
article about the event.
Representatives from Local School Districts Visit Washington
Meeting with American Cancer Society
I had the pleasure of meeting with representatives from the Carroll and Grapevine-Colleyville Independent School Districts. I appreciate them taking the time to sit down and tell me how overreaching federal education requirements are impacting schools and students in my district.
I enjoyed talking with Theresa Rutherford and Kay Kamm. We discussed important ongoing initiatives at the American Cancer Society .
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or e-mail me at
www.marchant.house.gov/contact .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
