
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
February 16, 2014
Friends,
I hope everyone has
stayed safe and warm over the past several days.
Our state was
hit by quite a storm and Im sure many of you have been dealing with
issues of lost power and dangerous travel conditions. Please remember to
visit my website at
Hudson.house.gov/emergency- storm-preparedness
for
information on emergency management resources. Additionally, do not
hesitate to contact my office if we can be of any assistance to
you.
This was a short week in Washington, but a busy
one.
I was extremely disappointed that once again President
Obama and his Democrat colleagues insisted on raising the debt ceiling
while refusing to work with us to find long-term solutions that cut
wasteful government spending, encourage job creation, and strengthen our
economy.
I made a promise to the people I represent in North
Carolina that I would not support a debt ceiling increase without
addressing the underlying drivers of our debt that threaten our economy and
the well-being of future
generations.
Still, we did manage to work across the aisle to address an important
issue. In the bipartisan budget deal reached this year I was opposed to a
provision that temporarily reduces the annual cost of living
adjustment by 1% for working age retirees. With that said, I felt that a
failure to tackle government spending as a whole could ultimately lead to a
collapse of multiple forms of retirement programs that our veterans
and millions of other Americans rely on.
Since then I have
worked tirelessly with my colleagues to come up with a plan to restore
these benefits in a responsible manner and have joined with a group of 61
other members to restore benefits for those disabled and most at
risk.
I am pleased to report that on February 11th, I joined
with 325 of my colleagues in voting to eliminate the 1% cut for
everyone who joined the military prior to January 1st,
2014.
This week, I also had an opportunity to work on one of my
primary concerns when it comes to helping veterans in the
8th Districteliminating the backlog at the VA.
I signed on to
be an original cosponsor of H.R. 4031, the
VA Management
Accountability Act a bill that increases direct accountability of VA
executives by making it easier to get rid of bad
employees.
It is absolutely shameful that our veterans are forced to wait
sometimes for years in order to receive the basic benefits that they
deserve.
We spend more today on the VA than at any point before,
but too much of this money is spent on the bureaucracy in Washington
and not enough at our hospitals and most importantly on veterans
themselves. In the 2014 spending bill that recently passed, I voted to
ensure resources were being used exclusively to cut down on the
backlog and that accountability measures such as audits and public monthly
reporting on individual backlogs at each office are
available.
Americans everywhere owe a debt of gratitude to our
veterans, those currently serving, and families of these military men and
women for the sacrifices they have made for our country. Each and every
day, our soldiers risk their lives, devoting themselves fully to
defending the United States in the face of the enemy.
May we always
remember and commemorate their valiant sacrifices. I will always
fight for our American patriots who dedicate their lives to defend our
freedom, secure our homeland, and protect our democracy.
Until next week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave,
NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville
Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 