
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
February 09, 2014
Dear Friend,
I hope you are enjoying cheering on Team USA
in the 2014 Winter Olympics this weekend. Best wishes to our wonderful
athletes who have devoted so much time and effort to training, and
who have sacrificed so much to represent America on the world
stage.
I am happy to relay information on a great bill that originated
in the House this week for our veterans. I was proud to join my
colleagues in passing the GI Bill Tuition Fairness Act of 2013. This bill
gives our veterans access to in-state tuition rates at publicly-funded
colleges and universities. You can find more information about this
bi-partisan bill below.
This week, like many others, began with
bad news on Obamacare. The after-effects of this law continue to harm
our country, killing jobs and taking money away from our hard-working
Americans.
We have acquired a steady stream of bad news in
regards to this law: 1 million people will be uninsured this year, the
American workforce will shrink by 2.3 million in 202, and 22,000 Americans
are unable to have their appeals processed from errors that occurred
on the Healthcare.gov site. Every day we see a new example of broken
Obamacare promises, as there are now higher insurance premiums and
deductibles, limited access to preferred health care providers and a
substantial loss in the number of full-time jobs. This terrible law must be
repealed before it can cause any more harm to the quality and cost of
our health care services and to the economy.
This week, we
saw one of the president's excuses on delaying the Keystone XL pipeline
disappear. The release of the State Department's
final review of the project reported that the environmental impact from Keystone
XL would be minimal, and now even many of the president's allies are
saying it is time to start building . Approval of
Keystone XL would create American jobs and promote our nation's
energy independence.
It's time for the president to act on Keystone
XL.
Please share the information in this newsletter with your
friends by forwarding via email or using the "Tell A Friend" tool in
the right sidebar. Don't forget to share on social media, as well!
Please contact my office if there is any way we can assist you.
Expanding GI Bill Access for Our
Veterans
This week, I was proud to vote in favor of the GI Bill Tuition
Fairness Act of 2013. This legislation requires publicly-funded state
colleges and universities to provide our veterans with in-state tuition
rates. This measure greatly expands access to higher education for our
veterans by allowing them to use their GI Bill benefits to the
fullest extent.
Our veterans have sacrificed so much for our
nation and should not be deterred by the high costs of out-of-state
tuition when seeking to expand their education. This is a common-sense
measure that will empower our veterans to use the GI Bill they earned. I
applaud the Veterans' Affairs Committee for making this possible and
especially Chairman Jeff Miller for his continued dedication to our
veterans and their well-being.
The Price of
Obamacare
The
Washington Post
reported this week that "tens
of thousands" of people who encountered mistakes when signing up at
HealthCare.gov, cannot get their errors fixed because the government is
unable to process their appeals.
Also this week, the
Congressional Budget Office (CBO) announced they project at least 2 million
Americans to work fewer hours or leave the workforce entirely due to
Obamacare.
President Obama deceived the American people. He
said that his signature health law would lower costs, help the economy,
and allow people to keep their doctors and health plans. Instead, we
receive more evidence every day that it is killing jobs and harming an
already fragile economy. The news released this week gives Americans a
sobering look at Obamacare and what it means for their future, their
families and their careers. 2.3 million Americans are expected to work
less or leave the workforce altogether because of the ridiculous
mandates we are all expected to bear.
We need to repeal this terrible
law before it does further damage.
To read my full statement
on the CBO report released this week,
click
here .
This Week in Energy &amp; Commerce
In this
week's Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health hearing on Examining
the Implementation of the Food Safety Modernization Act, I
questioned Michael Taylor, the FDA's Deputy Commissioner for Foods and
Veterinary Medicine, about new regulations the FDA is imposing on produce
growers.
Click here
or on the image below to
watch video of the exchange.
"Go Red for
Women"
I joined with fellow women members
of Congress to wear red in honor of the 43 million women in the U.S.
affected by heart disease. This month marks the 10th anniversary of the
American
Heart Association 's "Go Red for Women"
movement.
Republican Womens Policy Committee Meets with AEI
President
Additionally, the Republican Womens Policy Committee
had its first annual meeting on Wednesday. We had the opportunity to
hear from the president of the American Enterprise Institute (AEI),
Arthur Brooks. Mr. Brooks spoke to women on the committee about new
messaging tactics to achieve greater success conveying our
agenda.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send
me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing
to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
On
YouTube
Please subscribe
to my YouTube channel so
you won't miss great video from the Washington and the Second
District.
On Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the "Like"
button
on my Facebook page
today!
On
Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the
conversation on Twitter.
Tell me about yourself.
Check those which
apply: Veteran Retired Working Stay-at-Home Looking for a job Married Do you have children? Do you have family in the military? *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC
28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue,
Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina
27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
