
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
January 31, 2014 |
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
Thune Works to Address Propane Shortage
Many farmers,
families, tribes, and businesses across South Dakota are facing
record-high propane prices due to a propane supply shortage in the Upper
Midwest and other parts of the country. A variety of factors have
contributed to a significant strain on propane supplies, which has caused
prices to spike. According to the Energy Information Agency, severely cold
weather and a late, wet crop season have increased the demand for
propane. On top of increased demand, South Dakota and surrounding states
have experienced supply disruptions. Weather and other factors have
curtailed rail deliveries, and maintenance issues have caused pipeline
disruptions, which have resulted in demand outpacing
supply.
In order to address supply issues, Senator
Thune
requested
the Federal
Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) declare a state of
emergency for the State of South Dakota and grant regional exemptions from
Hours of Service (HOS) regulations for truck drivers. An emergency
declaration provides relief from existing HOS limits for drivers for the
interstate transport of propane and heating oil, yet still require
drivers be fit to safely operate their vehicles.
On January 28, 2014, the FMCSA agreed to Thunes
request and granted emergency declarations in South Dakota and North
Dakota through February 11, 2014. The additional flexibility will allow
propane distributors to travel greater distances to procure additional
propane for the South Dakota market. While this exemption will help
alleviate some of the supply issues, Thune remains concerned about the
challenges the propane shortage has created for families and businesses,
and will continue working with all relevant agencies to address the
ongoing situation.
Thune Applauds Changes to
the National School
Lunch Program Regulations
The Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids
Act of 2010 directed the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) to
update the nutrition standards for all foods served in schools. USDAs
regulatory interpretation of this statute, which established the new
nutritional standards, was published in the Federal Register on January
26, 2012, and became effective July 1, 2012. The new regulations
required schools to double the serving amounts of fruits and vegetables,
reduce the amount of sodium in foods, and ensure that at least 50 percent
of bread products are whole grain. Additionally, USDA set calorie
limits, capping the total amount at 650 calories for elementary school
students, 700 calories for middle school students, and 850 calories for
high school students.
In
response to concerns he received from parents and school officials,
Senator Thune sent a letter in 2012, along with several of his colleagues,
to USDA calling for changes to be made to the program and for USDA to
lift the strict limitations on caloric intake of grains, starches,
and proteins. USDA responded by lifting these limitations for the
2012-2013 school year.
In
addition to sending the letter, Thune cosponsored a bill, the Sensible School
Lunch Act (S.427), introduced by Senator John Hoeven (R-N.D.). This
legislation would prohibit the Secretary of Agriculture from regulating
the amount of grains or proteins served to students through the
National School Lunch
Program.
On January 2, 2014, USDA announced that it would permanently lift the
limitations on caloric intake of grains, starches, and proteins that it
provided for the 2012-2013 school year. Thune is pleased USDA
recognized that the new dietary guidelines were insufficient to meet
students dietary needs and difficult to administer, and that it responded by
making needed changes.
Thune Calls On FAA to Approve Airspace
Expansion
Senator Thune meets with FAA Administrator Huerta to
discuss the expansion of the
PRTC.
Senator John Thune met with Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) Administrator Michael Huerta on January 14, 2014, to discuss the
expansion of the Powder River Training Complex (PRTC) near Ellsworth
Air Force Base. Thune has worked closely with the FAA, the U.S. Air
Force, and Ellsworth officials over the past eight years seeking to
enhance the existing training range utilized by Ellsworths B-1 bomber
squadron and military aircraft based in neighboring states. The expansion
of the airspace would further the readiness of military personnel, as
well as save taxpayer dollars through more efficient and increased
training opportunities.
As the Air
Force seeks to complete the expansion of the PRTC, Thune has pushed
for expedited coordination between the Air Force and the FAA to resolve
potential obstacles. After the Air Force signs a Record of Decision,
the FAA will then need to finalize a similar proposal outlining how the
expansion would impact other users, including private and commercial
flights. At Thunes request, both the Air Force and the FAA have
already been working together closely to address concerns in advance to
ensure a timely approval of the expanded training
range.
The expansion of the PRTC would quadruple its
current size, making it the largest training airspace over the
continental United States. The training space will allow for cost savings and
environmental benefits to the military. In addition, the expansion would
enable limited Large Force Exercises where multiple aircraft and
crews can train together simulating a combat environment. No live-fire
exercises will take place in the PRTC under the proposed
expansion.
Senator Thune serves as the top
Republican on the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and
Transportation, which oversees a broad number of federal agencies, including the
FAA and the U.S. Department of
Transportation.
Thune Applauds Additional
Funding for the Black Hills National Forest
As the result of a
letter requesting a funding reallocation for timber harvest sent by
Senator Thune and other Members of Congress in the Rocky Mountain
Region, the Forest Service announced the Black Hills National Forest will
receive an additional $1.5 million this year. The additional funding
will allow the Forest Service to accelerate the fight against the
devastating mountain pine beetle outbreak by cutting an extra 15 million
board feet of timber. The additional thinning will not only greatly
assist in the battle against pine beetles, but also reduce the amount of
hazardous fuels in the forest as well as mitigate the risk of forest
fires.
The letter
Thune sent to Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack on October 29, 2013,
reiterated the need for additional investment in forest health in the
Rocky Mountain Region.
Delegation Responds to Shinseki
Announcement
Senator John Thune joined Senator Tim Johnson
and Congresswoman Kristi Noem on January 16, 2014, in sending a
letter
to Secretary of Veterans Affairs
(VA) Eric Shinseki expressing disappointment that the Secretary is
proceeding on the path to potentially realign the VA Black Hills Health
Care System (BHHCS). On January 7, 2014, Secretary Shinseki announced
that the VA will move forward with its proposal to decrease its
presence in Hot Springs and relocate services to Rapid City by formally
initiating an Environmental Impact Statement (EIS), despite outstanding
concerns from the delegation and stakeholders that have gone unanswered
since the VA first released its proposal on December 12,
2011.
The letter calls on the secretary to
ensure the EIS for the BHHCS does not start with a pre-determined outcome,
as the VA is legally obligated to include a structured comment period
in the EIS, in which the VA will have to formally consider
alternative courses of action. The EIS must also incorporate data regarding the
impact on veteran services, impact on the community, impact on
historic structures, and other variables which would be affected by the
proposal. The delegation continues to believe that the Domiciliary and
Medical Center should remain in Hot Springs and Senator Thune encourages
veterans and the public to get involved in the comment period when it
is announced.
Thune Encourages Continued Progress on Medical Licensure
Portability
Earlier this month, Senator Thune led a bipartisan
group of 15 senators in sending a
letter
to the Federation of State Medical Boards (FSMB), the
association representing over 70 medical and osteopathic boards, applauding
their efforts in advancing solutions toward allowing doctors to practice
medicine across state lines, which will better facilitate the use of
telemedicine. This letter was a follow up to a letter sent to the FSMB
last year, which encouraged the development of a comprehensive system
that allows physicians portability of their medical license to practice
outside of their licensing
state.
The FSMB and a drafting committee have started to work on a
compact that they hope will allow states to speed up the process of
issuing licenses for those physicians who wish to practice in multiple
states. In their most recent letter, Senator Thune and his colleagues
highlight that they would like to see a compact that develops a faster
system for physicians to obtain the necessary licenses in multiple
states. This would reduce barriers to and improve the practice of
telemedicine.
Telemedicine has the
promise to change the way in which countless Americans receive health
care and has the ability to foster better results by allowing patients
to visit with specialists throughout the country without the cost and
burden of travel. The progress made by the FSMB is encouraging, and
Senator Thune believes this compact is an important part of ensuring
access to quality health care services, particularly in rural and
under-served areas.
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send
me e-mail updates.* Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me
to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Read Senator Thune's Weekly Columns for
January
1/24 |
Securing
Resources to Battle Pine
Beetles
1/17 |
South Dakotans Continue to Suffer Under
ObamaCare
1/10 |
Maintaining the Free Flow of Digital
Trade
1/3 |
South
Dakota's Changing
Landscape
Senator Thune spends time with the good folks at
the Center for Active Generations in Sioux
Falls.
Senator Thune
speaks to the Tyndall Rotary Club.
Senator Thune
talks with KGFX at the Jones County Invitational in
Murdo.
Senator Thune speaks with the Yankton High School government
classes.
VIDEO:
Senator
Thune takes to the Senate floor to discuss how ObamaCare is
contributing to the lagging Obama
economy.
Washington Office
Senator John Thune |
511 Dirksen Senate Office Building |
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2321 |
Fax: (202)
228-5429 |
Toll-Free:
1-866-850-3855
Sioux Falls
320
North Main Avenue,
Suite B
Sioux Falls, SD 57104
Phone: (605) 334-9596
Rapid City
1313 West Main Street
Rapid City, SD 57701
Phone: (605) 348-7551
Aberdeen
320 South 1st Street,
Suite 101
Aberdeen, SD
57401
Phone: (605) 225-8823
Click Here to Reply
or to Contact Senator John Thune
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 