
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
February 23, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th
District
Dear
Friend,
Welcome to my Washington Update, an e-newsletter for the constituents
of California's 28th Congressional District. This e-newsletter provides
a way for you to keep me informed of your views and interests. You
can do this by clicking on the survey question, which appears on the
right. In addition to participating in the survey, I would encourage you
to send any more detailed thoughts
by
email .
PLEASE NOTE:
I also recently
launched an Instagram account, where I will provide behind the scenes
photos and insights into what Im doing in Washington and back home
every day.
FOLLOW
HERE.
You can always share your thoughts with me through
Facebook
or
Twitter , as well.
Rep. Schiff and Senator
Feinstein Pass Landmark Legislation to Reduce Helicopter Noise in Los
Angeles
Last month, Rep. Adam Schiff and Senator
Dianne Feinstein included a provision in the year-long spending package
to direct the Secretary of the Department of Transportation and FAA to
address helicopter noise in Los Angeles County
skies. Residents of the Los Angeles region have been plagued for decades by
frequent and disruptive helicopter noise, and despite persistent
efforts to work on a collaborative basis with stakeholders to reduce the
impact of helicopter noise, little has changed.
After the
legislation passed, Schiff stated: After years of pushing,
residents should finally begin to see some relief from unnecessary
helicopter noise.
This legislation will hold the FAAs feet to the fire
and ensure that they are making every effort to reduce helicopter
noise. Now, the FAA will have one year to act on its pledge to reduce
helicopter noise through voluntary measures, or be forced to put in
place real rules to provide relief to homeowners.
Read More:
Los Angeles Daily News
Federal spending bill passage could
reduce L.A. helicopter noise
Los Angeles Times
Congress OKs measure to cut
helicopter noise in L.A. County
Glendale News-Press
House passes Schiff
provision on helicopter noise
KPCC
Provision in Federal spending bill could
reduce helicopter noise in Los Angeles County
Los Angeles Times
Congressman
criticizes FAA effort to reduce local helicopter
noise
Rep. Schiff Brings NASA Astronaut to
Schools to Inspire Students to Pursue Careers in Science and
Math
Rep. Adam Schiff recently brought NASA astronaut Tracy
Caldwell Dyson, a native of Southern California, to visit La Crescenta
Elementary School and Logan Street Elementary School. Students got the
opportunity to talk with Dr. Dyson, learn about her NASA missions,
and her experience and career path. Each year, Congressman Schiff
invites an astronaut to join him in visiting schools in his
district.
As Members of Congress, we must do our part to advance
scientific knowledge and exploration as core values of our society.
One important way we can engender a sense of excitement about math
and science is by bringing Americas astronauts into the classroom,
said Schiff. I hope that the students we visit with will seriously
consider careers in math and science, especially at NASA-affiliated
institutions like JPL and Caltech, right in our backyard.
Read More:
Los Feliz Ledger
Astronaut Visits School To Promote Math
&amp; Science Learning
SPACE
NASA Astronaut Brings Space Travel Down to Earth
for Kids
Crescenta Valley Weekly
La Crescenta Elementary Students Learn to
Fly High
Glendale
News-Press
NASA astronaut speaks at La Crescenta
Elementary
Rep. Schiff Pushes to
Pass Comprehensive Immigration Reform and Raise the Minimum
Wage
Rep. Adam Schiff has been pushing to raise the
minimum wage to $10.10 an hour and pass comprehensive immigration reform.
During his State of the Union Address in January, President Obama urged
the Congress to raise the minimum wage and help lift millions out of
poverty.
Obama said that even with the tax relief weve put in
place, a family with two kids that earns the minimum wage still lives
below the poverty line. Thats wrong.
Tonight , lets
declare that in the wealthiest nation on Earth, no one who works full time
should have to live in poverty.
Additionally, he called on
Congress to pass immigration reform immediately.
Schiff has
been turning up the heat on the House Majority, and supports a discharge
petition to bring both bills
which have bipartisan support
directly to the House floor, bypassing the committees and leadership if
necessary.
Click here to watch Schiff on MSNBC:
Metrolink Begins
Using Collision Avoidance Technology
This week, Rep. Adam Schiff and Senator Feinstein joined
Metrolink at Union Station to announce that the passenger railroad
service will become the first major commuter service in the nation to
roll out a sophisticated collision avoidance system, known as Positive
Train Control.
After the deadly Metrolink crash in
Chatsworth, Schiff, Feinstein and others authored the Rail Collision
Prevention Act, which required implementation of Positive Train Control
on passenger trains.
In that accident, an engineer missed a
stop signal while texting on his phone and the passenger train collided
with a Union Pacific train, killing 25 and injuring another
135.
Commuters across the country deserve the safest trains and
routes possible, and the adoption of Positive Train Control by Metrolink
will make Los Angeles one of the first in the nation to adopt this
life-saving technology, said Schiff. With human errors accounting for
forty percent of all rail accidents, PTC will save lives and the rest of
the country needs to adopt these systems as soon as
possible.
Read More:
ABC 7:
Rep. Schiff Helps Unveil Metrolink's New Positive
Train Control Safety System
Daily
News Op-ed:
With Metrolink leading the way, train safety system
must be adopted nationwide
Los
Angeles Times:
Metrolink to roll out collision avoidance
system
Rep. Schiff Discusses
Concerns Over Security at Sochi Olympic
Games
In the run-up to the Olympic Games in Sochi, Russia, Rep. Adam Schiff,
a senior Member of the Intelligence Committee, encouraged constituents
who were planning to attend the Olympic Games to go forward with
their plans with caution -- saying that the risks were real but
manageable. However, he cautioned constituents and athletes to pay attention to
what officials were instructing and stay in designated safe areas,
out of an abundance of caution.
Schiff said: "I am
concerned about it, but I also think the risks are manageable. For
Americans contemplating going to the Games, it's a very individual
decision to make.
But if they stick to what the authorities tell them
where they should go and areas they should stay out of, and they are
aware of their surroundings
I think the risk can be managed.
None of this is ever going to be perfectly safe, and certainly the
Russians are doing a lot of what they should be doing.
Probably the
only shortcomings are I don't think they are drawing on as much
support as they could get from the United States and other countries.
But within the scope of what the Russians can do themselves, they
seem to be moving heaven and earth to make it as safe as
possible."
Watch Rep. Schiff on NBCs The Today Show discussing
security at the Sochi Games:
Read
More:
Los Angeles
Times
U.S. feeling shut out of Russian security operation at
Sochi
KPCC
Security a concern ahead of Winter Olympics in Sochi
Fox News
Rep. Schiff
Discusses Security at Sochi Games and Syria on Fox News
Sunday
News You Can
Use
Nominate for the Congressional Award : The
Congressional Award is a public-private partnership created by Congress to
provide a unique opportunity for young people ages 14-23 to set and
achieve personally challenging goals that build character and foster
community service, personal development, and citizenship.
Established
in 1979 under Public Law 96-114, the Congressional Award Foundation
does not receive any federal funding.
All funds necessary to run
the program come from the private sector.
The Congressional Award
is non-competitive and open to all young Americans regardless of
mental or physical challenges, or socioeconomic status.
It is the
first and only award for youth legislated by the U. S. Congress.
Through this award, the U.S. Congress looks to honor and encourage
volunteer public service and recognize the unsung and important
accomplishments of young Americans throughout the United States.
Additional information about The Congressional Award can be found
at
www.CongressionalAward.org , or
by contacting the National Office at
202-226-0130 .
Participate in First Annual Congressional Student STEM Challenge
&amp; Build an App:
This is the first year of the annual
congressional science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) academic
competition
this years theme challenges students to develop an
application (app). Established by the U.S. House of Representatives in
2013, this competition is part of a nationwide event that invites high
school students from all congressional districts to compete by
creating and exhibiting their software application, or app, for mobile,
tablet, or computer devices on a platform of their choice. It is designed
to promote innovation and engagement in the STEM education fields.
Throughout the competition period, participating students will be
provided opportunities to engage with various STEM educational partners,
tech entrepreneurs, and tech experts located in the District to mentor
and assist them with their app development. More details on submitting a
contest entry, the rules of the competition, and helpful programming
resources can be found here on Rep. Schiffs website or at
http://studentappchallenge. house.gov/ .
Nominate a Woman of the
Year:
Every March, in recognition of Womens History
Month, Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Burbank) honors outstanding women from his
district.
The 28th Congressional District includes the cities
and communities of Atwater Village, Burbank, East Hollywood, Echo Park,
Elysian Valley, Glendale, Griffith Park, Hollywood, Hollywood Hills,
La Caada Flintridge, La Crescenta, Los Feliz, Montrose, Pasadena,
Shadow Hills, Silver Lake, Sunland, Tujunga and West Hollywood.
Constituents are encouraged to nominate women in their community
while there
are no specific criteria for nomination, Rep. Schiff looks for women
who
through their work or volunteerism
have improved the quality of
life in our community. Nominations can be sent to Mary Hovagimian ( mary.hovagimian@mail.house. gov ). Nominations should include a written description of your nominees
accomplishments, the home address, phone number and e-mail of the
nominee, and the nominator's name and contact
information.
February is American
Heart Month : While most people see February as a month of love
with Valentines Day, its also American Hearth Month.
Click here to learn about your risks for
heart disease and stroke and stay "heart healthy" for yourself and
your loved ones.
Nominate For the
2014 National Medal of Arts:
The National Endowment for the
Arts (NEA) is welcoming public nominations for the 2014 National
Medal of Arts. This lifetime achievement award is the highest honor given
to artists, arts organizations, and arts patrons in the United States.
Each year, the President presents the medals at a ceremony in the
White House. Since the inception of the National Medal of Arts in 1984
under President Ronald Reagan,
302 medalists
have been honored for their creativity,
inspiration, and hard work. To submit a nomination, you and your constituents
can visit the NEA website at
http://arts.gov/honors/ medals/nomination . The deadline for
submissions is
March 14, 2014 . Nominees for a National
Medal of Arts must be U.S. citizens with a distinguished professional
career that merits receiving the U.S. government's highest
award.
You can always share your thoughts through
Facebook
or
Twitter . Through these
quick-read updates, I hope to keep you informed of my work at home and in
Washington, D.C. on issues of interest to our communities, as well as
provide an opportunity for you to keep me informed of your views and
interests.
As always, I welcome hearing from you on
these and any other issues, and hope that you will
stay
in touch .
Sincerely,
Congressman Adam Schiff
During his most recent State of the Union address,
President Obama declared his support for raising the minimum wage.
Obama said: Even with the tax relief weve put in place, a family with
two kids that earns the minimum wage still lives below the poverty
line. Thats wrong. Tonight, lets declare that in the wealthiest nation
on Earth, no one who works full time should have to live in
poverty. Do you support
raising the federal minimum wage? Yes. No. Other: *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter If you are having
trouble, click here. Survey
Results Do you think that the NSA should be
reformed by ending the bulk collection of phone metadata? Answer Total Yes. 75.75% No. 24.25%
Contact Information
Washington, DC
2411 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4176
Facsimile: (202) 225-5828
Burbank Office
245 E. Olive Ave., #200
Burbank, California 91502
Phone: (818) 450-2900
Phone:
(323) 315-5555
Facsimile: (818) 450-2928
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail
end 