
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
I hope this update finds you and your family well. As we look forward to a weekend of town halls, I wanted to send along a few issues we&rsquo;ve been working on this week down in Washington. As always, please let me know what your thoughts are on these &ndash; and any other &ndash; issue impacting the Southern Tier and Finger Lakes.
Reed Presses for Reauthorization of Older Americans Act
We are co-sponsoring a bill to reauthorize critical senior citizen programs in the Southern Tier and Finger Lakes. The
Older Americans Act
cares for seniors with nutrition programs like Meals on Wheels, transportation services and support for family caregivers. The AARP recently endorsed our bipartisan legislation &ndash; read the AARP&rsquo;s comments
here .
New York Rural Hospital Group Meets With Reed
From left to right: James Kennedy of Finger Lakes Community Health in Geneva, Kathy Carpenter of the NYS Association for Rural Health in Big Flats, Barry Brogan of North Country Behavioral Healthcare Network in Saranac Lake and Mary Ellen Hennessy of the Healthcare Association of New York State. Visit our
Facebook page
for more.
Reed Works with USDA, Local Grape Growers to Deliver Grape Juice Purchase
We&rsquo;re very pleased to have partnered with the U.S. Department of Agriculture and local farmers to deliver an $11.5 million Concord grape purchase to help stabilize the market after the bumper crop of 2013. Read more on how the purchase helps farmers and healthy school lunch programs
here .
Sportsmen&rsquo;s Heritage and Recreational Enhancement Act Supported by Reed
I voted in support of the
SHARE Act , legislation protecting traditional rights of hunters and fishermen. Caring for public lands and protecting rights of sportsmen is an important task that deserves our attention.
Click here
to view the SHARE Act initiatives and see what outdoor, conservation, Second Amendment and natural resources organizations support the measure.
Rep. Reed on Propane Price Spike: Energy Development Could Alleviate Burden
Energy development could bring relief to New York homeowners seeing their heating costs skyrocket in the propane shortage. Instead of playing politics with this important issue we need to act to protect homeowners&rsquo; wallets. Energy development and infrastructure upgrades will help to avoid this kind of negative impact on homeowners and businesses.
Read the full story here .
Reed: Care for Food Banks, Expanded Access to Trade Markets in Farm Bill
The final Farm Bill includes a $205 million funding increase for
food banks, pantries and meal programs
in New York. The bill also strengthens the
Market Access Program (MAP)
to open up new trade markets and allow Americans to &ldquo;make it here, sell it there.&rdquo; Especially in our still-weak economy, we can&rsquo;t afford to miss out on opportunities to care for our neighbors and increase our global competiveness.
Two Weeks of Town Halls, Office Hours
Join us this Saturday,
Feb. 8 th
and next Saturday,
Feb. 15 th
for town halls. We&rsquo;ll be in Allegany, Cattaraugus and Chautauqua Counties this weekend and Chemung, Ontario and Steuben Counties next weekend. And don&rsquo;t forget about
office hours
next week in Chautauqua Co.
If you have a neighbor, friend or family member interested in receiving updates or details on our town halls, please forward this email their way and encourage them to
sign up
for regular updates. Be sure to visit our
Facebook page
for more photos and
check out
our latest op-ed on what we did &ndash; and didn&rsquo;t &ndash; hear in the President&rsquo;s State of the Union.
Best,
Tom
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
