
Jan
31
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This week, I attended the President's State of the Union address - an annual tradition that brings together members of Congress, and the nation.
Each member receives a ticket for a guest to watch the speech, and this year I gave mine to an Air Force pilot serving with the
Pease-based
New Hampshire Air National Guard's 157th Refueling Wing. Captain Jeffrey Osgood, whom I met in Afghanistan last year while he was serving there, is an active duty pilot assigned to the 64th Air Refueling Squadron. We had a chance to visit in my office and attend a dinner in the Capitol before the President's address. I was honored to have Captain Osgood as my guest and I'm pleased he was able to make the trip.
This year, I also continued a bipartisan tradition by sitting with a member of the opposite party at the State of the Union. I watched with Senator Cory Booker - a Democrat from New Jersey.
As for the President's speech, he identified several areas where Republicans and Democrats must work together, and one of them is strengthening our nation's infrastructure. I hope he'll take a serious look at bipartisan legislation I recently helped introduce that would create a fund to finance infrastructure projects without using taxpayer dollars.
I also hope the president is serious about reforming our corporate tax code -- the highest in the world - to simplify and lower rates, which would make America more competitive, help grow jobs and keep investment here.
It was a glaring admission, though, that the President's speech didn't address the serious problems with Obamacare. New Hampshire citizens have told me they're losing their doctors, seeing their coverage cancelled or having to pay more for it.
We need to tackle these problems head on - not ignore them.
In other news, this week I continued my efforts to replace the unfair cuts to military retirees' pensions. And I also called on the administration to ensure they exercise heightened vigilance and coordinate with our international partners in advance of the upcoming Olympic games in Sochi. Please read on to learn more!
Have a great weekend!
Portsmouth Herald : Pease-based pilot will be Sen. Ayotte's guest at State of the Union
Pease-based pilot will be Sen. Ayotte's guest at State of the Union,
Portsmouth Herald Air Force Capt. Jeffrey Osgood met senator in Afghanistan
By Deborah McDermott
January 27, 2014
PORTSMOUTH - Air Force Capt. Jeffrey Osgood was preparing to go on assignment in the Pacific Islands last week when his commanding officers approached him. Change of plans, he was told.
Instead, Capt. Osgood is in Washington, DC, and Tuesday night will be the guest of Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-NH, at President Obama's State of the Union speech.
Osgood, a refueling pilot with the 64th Air Refueling Squadron at Pease Air National Guard Base, said he was incredulous at first. "I said, 'Do you mean the real State of the Union?'"
He said Monday he was "still in shock" at the news.
"It's pretty amazing," he said. "I never expected anything like this."
Read more .
Ayotte Continues to Lead Effort to Repeal Military Retirement Cuts
Continuing to lead efforts in Congress to repeal unfair cuts to military retirement benefits, Senator Ayotte this week announced a new proposal to fully repeal the Cost of Living Allowance (COLA) reduction for military retirees that was included in last month's budget deal - which she voted against. After participating in an Armed Services Committee hearing that examined this issue, she held a press conference with Senators Lindsey Graham (R-SC) and Roger Wicker (R-MS) to announce that she will offer her new proposal as an amendment to flood insurance legislation that is currently pending in the Senate.
The new legislative proposal would require that filers claiming the Additional Child Tax Credit (ACTC) include a valid Social Security Number (SSN) for each child they are claiming. This language is similar to a previous proposal introduced by Senators Ayotte, Graham and Wicker - but it requires a valid SSN for the child, rather than the filer. The Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that this change would save approximately $20 billion over 10 years.
"It was absolutely wrong to single out our men and women in uniform for unfair military retirement cuts in the budget agreement, and there is a consensus among members of both parties that we need to right this wrong," said Ayotte. "The modified proposal I'm introducing addresses concerns I've heard from the other side of the aisle, and I'm hopeful that it will receive bipartisan support and be quickly scheduled for a vote."
Ayotte: Information Sharing is Critical to Security Efforts Surrounding Sochi Olympic Games
Senator Ayotte and Senator John McCain (R-AZ) are urging U.S. law enforcement and intelligence officials to collaborate with domestic and international partners before and during the 2014 Winter Olympic Games in Sochi, Russia, next month. Ayotte and McCain, who serve together on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee and the Senate Armed Services Committee, called for U.S. officials to exercise heightened vigilance and work with international partners to share information related to potential security threats to the Olympics.
"We ask that your agency or department provide us a timely assessment of the current collaboration and information sharing related to the Olympics within the U.S. government and with our foreign partners-including the Russian government," the Senators write in a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry, Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, FBI Director James Comey, CIA Director John Brennan, Secretary of the Treasury Jack Lew, Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson, and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper.
Following the April 2013 Boston Marathon bombing, Ayotte and McCain
questioned
whether better intelligence sharing could have helped prevent the attack and called for a
hearing
to examine potential gaps that may exist in sharing intelligence information among agencies.
Read the letter
here .
Pork Watch: Tough Oversight Needed to Eliminate Waste at Department of Homeland Security
Senator Ayotte, a member of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee (HSGAC), released the following statement in response to the Department of Homeland Security's (DHS) decision to temporarily suspend an overtime pay program that has defrauded taxpayers to the tune of millions of dollars:
"I'm pleased that DHS has taken an important first step to remedy this flagrant misuse of taxpayer dollars, but tougher oversight of the department is necessary to eliminate further waste, mismanagement and inefficiencies," said Ayotte. "I will continue to work with my colleagues to find a long term solution to this problem that is fair to those who protect our borders and ensures our tax dollars are spent wisely. In addition, the Senate should act quickly to confirm the president's nominee to serve as DHS Inspector General - a position that has remained vacant for far too long."
Last fall, in light of whistle-blower complaints and a subsequent Office of Special Counsel report identifying employee abuse of the DHS overtime pay system, Senator Ayotte
called for
an investigation into the reported abuse and
wrote
President Obama urging him to nominate an Inspector General at DHS after a nearly three-year vacancy.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
