
Subscribe
|
Forward
HOME
|
About David
|
21st District
|
How David Can Help
|
Issues and Legislation
|
News and Media
|
Contact David
Wednesday, February 19, 2014
Our Valley Needs Water Now
Last year, I took an oath to represent you and your families in Washington.
Since taking office, I have been working to ensure our farmers can continue to feed the world and that our communities have access to a reliable, clean water supply. This month, the House of Representatives passed my bipartisan bill H.R. 3964, the
Sacramento-San Joaquin Valley Emergency Water Delivery Act
that aims to restore water reliability to Californian communities. I am proud to see the House of Representatives supports actions that increase water supplies for our Valley.
Now it is up to the Senate to address onerous environmental regulations that have limited access to water for Valley families and farmers. Senator Feinstein and Senator Boxer have also introduced a bill aimed at providing drought relief, an important step in the legislative process.
Just this past Friday, President Obama visited Fresno to see the severe drought conditions first hand. I stand ready and willing to work with both the President and Californias Senators to find a solution to our water crisis. While we cannot make it rain or snow, Congress must work to address this man-made drought and improve Californias water infrastructure for the future.
I look forward to hearing from you in the coming weeks. Your opinion allows me to better represent you in Washington, please feel free to contact my office anytime by email, telephone, or by visiting one of my office locations in Hanford or Bakersfield.
For updates on important issues facing our nation, and to follow my work in Congress, I encourage you to visit my
website . You can also follow me on
Twitter
and on
Facebook .
I consider it an honor and a privilege to serve you in the United States House of Representatives.
Sincerely,
David G. Valadao
Member of Congress
Connect
Email David
What Matters Most to You?
Take my survey now !
LawMakers Respond to Obama's Visit
Climate Change is Not The Problem...
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1004 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-4695
HANFORD OFFICE
101 North Irwin Street, Ste. 110B
Hanford, CA 93239
Phone:
(559) 582-5526
BAKERSFIELD OFFICE
2700 M Street, Ste. #250B
Bakersfield, CA 93301
Phone:
(661) 864-7736
Update Subscription Options
|
Privacy Policy
|
Contact David
Click Here Click Here