DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
January 31,
2014
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Find Me on:
Marchant Response to the President's State of the Union Address
This week, President Obama vowed to make 2014 a "year of action" but its clear he plans to act unilaterally to promote his own big government agenda. The American people and my constituents in the 24th District of Texas deserve more than the same misguided policies that have resulted in low economic growth and record high levels of debt.
I will continue to fight every day to responsibly get the debt under control, simplify the broken tax code, and promote an environment in which hardworking Americans and our nations businesses a have greater opportunity to succeed.
Click
here
to read my full response to the president's address.
Preventing Taxpayer Funding of Abortions
I voted to pass the
No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act , a bill which I cosponsored that would prohibit federal funds from being used to subsidize elective abortions or health plans that cover abortion services.
Up until this point, taxpayer funding for abortions has only been prohibited through a patchwork of amendments added to various appropriations bills over the last 35 years. This important bill puts those policies into one clear piece of legislation so that funds outlined anywhere in the federal system are prohibited from being used to finance elective abortions.
Damaging Impacts of Obamacare's Employer Mandate
My Ways and Means Committee colleagues and I held a hearing on the damaging real-world impacts of Obamacares employer mandate and its
30-hour rule . As a result of this this onerous provision in the presidents healthcare law, fewer full-time jobs have become available and hardworking Americans are seeing their hours cut and wages reduced.
Now more than ever, the government should be working to make it easier for Americans to find jobs and full-time employment
not putting barriers to opportunity such as
Obamacare and its 30-hour rule
in the way.
Click for video
Annual DFW Regional College Night
for Homeschoolers
My district office participated in the annual DFW Regional College Night for homeschoolers, which was recently held in Grapevine.
I am grateful to
HEART of Texas
for organizing the event and working to give homeschool students in my district greater access to higher education opportunities.
The event was a big success and many outstanding students visited our Congressional booth to receive more information about the Service Academy application process.
Click the "Like" button and follow me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or e-mail me at
www.marchant.house.gov/contact .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
