
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
February 01, 2014
Dear David,
A
couple of things to mention off the top: The President gave his
annual State of the Union address on Tuesday.
Vednita Carter, the
Founder and Executive Director of Breaking Free attended as my guest.
Breaking Free is a non-profit in the Twin Cities that educates
and provides services to women and girls who are victims of sex
trafficking.
I'm pushing bipartisan legislation to
combat
sex trafficking.
Also, the Minnesota Economic Club
paid a special visit to Washington to celebrate the 20 year anniversary
of trade with Canada and Mexico and honor my friend, former Minnesota
3rd District Congressman Bill Frenzel.
Have a great weekend
and week!
Please feel free to contact me if I can assist you or
your family in any way. Join the conversation online by visiting
my
website ,
Facebook
page,
Twitter , and don't forget to
watch my weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence
Corner .
Erik Paulsen
Member of
Congress
Minnesota Economic Club Praises Former Congressman Frenzel
This week, the Minnesota Economic Club was in Washington
to present former Congressman Bill Frenzel with the Champion of Free
Trade Award.
I was happy to see my mentor and predecessor
recognized for this well-deserved accolade.
I'm involved with trade
issues and spoke to the group about the importance of increased trade and
exports, as 750,000 million jobs in Minnesota are tied to trade.
I am excited about several bipartisan trade agreements for both the
Pacific and Atlantic regions that are moving forward. Finally, the
President also highlighted this issue in his State of the Union speech.
These agreements will strengthen the opportunities for Minnesotans
to export goods to new markets around the
globe.
Impact of the Employer Mandate on Jobs and
Opportunity
The Ways and Means Committee held a
hearing on the impact of the so-called "30 hour rule" employer mandate
that is part of the President's new health care law.
It mandates
employers to provide health care for all employees who work more than 30
hours or face a crippling fine.
The result is that many small
businesses are moving their full-time employees to part-time. The
consequence is that workers with good full-time jobs are now being forced
to work part-time.
This is a very real issue.
One
Minnesota small business owner explained his situation to me.
He
employs 535 people at 7 different restaurants and 41 percent of his
workers are full-time.
But because of the new health care law he's
being forced to move nearly all of these employees to only 29 hours a
week. This is a 25% reduction in weekly pay for hard-working families
who need it the most.
We should be implementing policies that
encourage work, productivity and a healthier economy, but the new law is
doing the opposite.
Even our local volunteer fire
departments are negatively impacted, as several Minnesota fire chiefs have
said unless the law is changed a lot of city fire departments
will have to either cut back hours for volunteers, or cities will have
to drastically increase taxes to expand the budgets for fire
departments.
Watch
the video of me raising
these issues in committee
here.
Education and Schools
As many of you may know,
Minnesota was the pioneer for charter schools in the country decades ago. On
Wednesday, Congressman Jared Polis (D-CO) and I toured the DC Prep
Charter School. In too many communities across the nation students are
trapped in failing schools with few options of gaining a better
education. Often these students are forced to attend failing schools simply
because of where they live, and so public charter schools can play an
important role in getting our students into high quality schools.
Charter schools like Beacon Prep in Bloomington and the World Learner
School in Chaska are helping to make Minnesota a blueprint of success
for the rest of the country.
Paulsen
Pics
Congressman Paulsen
discusses trade at a Minnesota Economic Club Event in Washington honoring
former Rep. Bill Frenzel
Congressman
Paulsen responds to media inquiries after the President's State of the
Union
Erik visits DC Prep School in
Washington as part of National School Choice
Week
###
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
