
This week, the President delivered the State of the Union Address. In an optimistic speech, he spoke about increasing opportunity for American families, an economy on the rise and a call to action to ensure that this year is a year of progress for the middle class.
The President talked about issues that working families really care about, like raising the minimum wage, renewing unemployment benefits, and making college more affordable. These are all ways to strengthen America&rsquo;s middle class and create good paying jobs for the future.
During his speech, President Obama announced he would issue an executive order to raise the minimum wage for federal contract workers to $10.10. I support the President in his decision. I believe that if you&rsquo;re willing to work hard every day, you deserve a paycheck that helps you get by. Now it&rsquo;s time for Congress to finish the job and make this the case for all hardworking Americans.
The President also touched on the importance of renewing federal unemployment insurance. This important program ensures that people don&rsquo;t fall too far behind when times get tough. These benefits keep the lights on at home, put food on the table and gas in the car so they can go out and find a job. Sadly, over a month has now passed since these benefits were lost. Congress should pass a 3 month extension of these benefits now to keep families on their feet as they look for work.
As the President said last night, it is important to continue to improve access to higher education by making it more affordable. Student loan debt has tripled over the last decade. In order to help those struggling with their loans, I&rsquo;ve introduced the Student Loan Borrower Bill of Rights. This bill would ensure basic rights and protections to all borrowers. It would also make sure students are aware of income based repayment programs, as the President mentioned last night.
Improving opportunities for American families requires innovation and action. In Congress, it&rsquo;s time to set aside partisanship and gridlock that is preventing us from improving the lives of millions of Americans. I look forward to working with my colleagues on these important issues. We must now rise to the occasion.
Stay Informed
Stay informed on what I am doing for Illinois and what is happening in Congress by visiting my
website .
If you have a question, a comment, or are in need of assistance, please contact my office at one of the phone numbers below or
send me an email .
Office phone numbers:
Washington, DC:
(202) 224-2152 Chicago:
(312) 353-4952 Springfield:
(217) 492-4062 Carbondale:
(618) 351-1122 Rock Island:
(309) 786-5173
You can also follow me on these services:
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin
