
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
This week&rsquo;s move by Congress to yet again raise the debt ceiling was a move I could not support. The bill increases spending and increases our debt &ndash; both irresponsible moves when we are $17 trillion-plus in debt. When we have an opportunity to protect our children and grandchildren from being saddled with even more debt we need to take action, not pass up an opportunity for progress.
Maintaining the status quo
with business as usual in Washington is not fair to the next generation. America deserves better.
Reed hears from educators, parents about school resource officer funding
We shared an in-depth conversation with superintendents, teachers, parents, law enforcement and school resource officers at our school safety event in Brocton. The group considered support for school resource officers, training programs for school personnel to identify mental health warning signs and establish on-site mental health services. Caring for the safety of children and their teachers is a community-wide effort: add your voice and see a full recap
here .
View video from the roundtable
here .
Keystone XL Pipeline Debate Heats Up
Construction will help provide much-needed jobs and energy security for our nation. We need to improve America&rsquo;s infrastructure to make the country more competitive so that it&rsquo;s easier for manufacturers to &ldquo;make it here and sell it there.&rdquo; The Keystone Pipeline is just one piece of the puzzle in upgrading infrastructure and boosting the economy.
Watch a video on the opportunities development presents
here .
Reed Announces 2014 &ldquo;House STEM App Challenge&rdquo;
We&rsquo;re excited to announce a new competition for high school students promoting STEM fields. The new &ldquo;House STEM App Challenge&rdquo; encourages students to apply their creativity and innovation by creating their very own software application, or &ldquo;app.&rdquo; This is a great opportunity to showcase the outstanding talent of students in our area. Please visit our
website
for submission and eligibility requirements.
Reed on CBO Report: Fewer Jobs, Fewer Insured Because of Obamacare
The recent report from the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) found Obamacare will reduce employment by as many as 2.5 million full-time jobs in the next decade and insure one million fewer individuals this year than previously estimated. With another delay of the employer mandate for businesses announced this week, it&rsquo;s clear this law was never ready for prime time.
Reed: Public safety strengthened in boost for firefighters, EMS
The
Assistance to Firefighters (FIRE) and the Staffing for Adequate Fire
and Emergency Response (SAFER) grant programs each saw a $2.5 million
boost from last year's funding level. These life-saving programs are a
priority for us and something we advocated for during the appropriations
process. The better we care for emergency responders, the better able
they are to protect our communities.
We were welcomed with this great sign at our town hall last weekend in Limestone.
We have
four more
town halls this Saturday &ndash; please join us!
Best,
Tom
Visit our
Facebook page
for more photos from the week including photos from
town halls
and a meeting with American
Iron and Steel
representatives.
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
