
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
February 14, 2014
Dear Friend,
As you may have heard, on
Tuesday the House voted yet again on a proposal to raise the national debt
ceiling to accommodate for our out-of-control spending. We were asked
to authorize the Treasury to finance hundreds of billions of dollars
in new federal debt without any associated long-term spending
reforms.
Instead of seizing this opportunity to reexamine our
priorities, we were asked to allow the government to continue to spend on
autopilot.
Our current national debt is $17 trillion and
counting. Thats over $54,000 owed by every man, woman and child in America.
Each dollar of this debt will be left for our children and
grandchildren to pay
I cannot in good conscience vote for
legislation that raises the debt ceiling without any reforms. Unfortunately, we
face this decision far too often in Washington and will continue to
repeat this same counterproductive process as long as the President and
the Senate refuse to engage in real negotiations about our fiscal
future.
I have supported plans to balance our budget within
10 years, including House-passed budgets authored by Budget Committee
Chairman Paul Ryan. I also supported the budget agreement we passed in
December, which on net reduces the deficit by $23 billion. And
through House efforts to curb spending, weve enacted the largest deficit
reduction bills since 1981 and cut total federal spending for three
years in a row for the first time since the Korean War.
Yet
with $17 trillion in debt, now is not the time to declare victory.
There is still no end in sight to our runaway spending. Instead of
supporting a clean budget ceiling hike, we should be having a real
conversation about changing our spending trajectory. That means real reforms
to both mandatory and discretionary spending.
Given the
opportunity we had to assess the fiscal health of our country with a
vote on the debt ceiling, we should have taken this moment to conduct a
full and true audit of the Federal Reserve System. For too long
Congress has been limited in its ability to exercise appropriate oversight of
the Federal Reserve even as its policies affect the economic security
of every American. Last Congress, 326 of my colleagues and I came
together on a bipartisan basis to support such an audit. Especially given
the fact that since the 2008 crisis, the balance sheet of the Fed has
grown exponentially each year, increasing the influence of its
actions on taxpayers, the American people deserve transparency from such a
crucial organization.
As members of Congress, we are
elected to lead. That responsibility includes making tough financial
choices for the future of our nation. Those choices must include an honest
assessment of our fiscal health, and such an assessment is not possible
as long as one of the major government actors in our economy operates
in secrecy. Without such a measure, and a significant change to our
spending trajectory, I will not cast a vote to burden future
generations with this unsustainable debt, and for that reason, I opposed
Tuesdays proposal to give the President an unlimited credit
card.
On Tuesday I also voted to restore full Cost of Living Adjustment
(COLA) benefits to military retirees. This was a vote to protect
pensions and restore COLA for veterans nationwide, and the measure passed
with wide bipartisan support. I hope to see the Senate quickly vote to
send this bill to President Obamas desk.
I spent the
second half of the week in the Central Valley where I visited the Newman
Rotary and met with one of my constituents who has personally
experienced the challenges many are having with Covered California. David is a
health insurance broker working to ensure coverage for his clients and
finding that despite spending hours on casework, he hasnt been able
to get clients access to care through the state exchange. He also has
clients who have paid for their coverage but not able been to see a
doctor or get necessary refunds. As a small business owner himself, he
is feeling the weight of the Affordable Care Act firsthand. My staff
and I are hoping to help him navigate some of these problems, but his
stories remind me how important it is that we fully repeal and replace
the law with patient-centered, common-sense reforms that protect
jobs.
On Thursday I met with Birgit Fladager, Stanislaus
Countys District Attorney, to discuss her work in the Central Valley and
how I can help prevent crime through work on the federal
level.
Birgit and I had a productive discussion on Thursday in
Modesto.
During his visit to Fresno
this morning, President Obama essentially offered to throw money at our
drought. Unfortunately, our drought has been repeatedly exacerbated
by burdensome state and federal regulations. The House acted last week
to put every option on the table for discussion as we work to help
California cope with a pending drought of historic proportions. We must
continue a larger conversation about how we can fix the Central
Valleys woes and ensure our agricultural community remains vibrant and
strong as the backbone of the Valley economy. I look forward to seeing the
Senate put California water legislation on the floor and remain ready
and willing to work across the aisle with anyone who can propose a
long-term solution to our drought. The Valley has no time for partisan
political maneuvering in the face of crisis.
For more
information about what Im working on in Washington, D.C. and the Central
Valley, please follow me on
Twitter ,
Facebook
or
YouTube . If you have
friends whod like to receive this newsletter, please encourage them to
subscribe !
I hope you have a happy
Valentines Day and a great weekend!
JEFF
DENHAM
Did you support the House proposal to raise the debt ceiling?
Yes No Would you support a balanced budget amendment
to require the House and Senate to pass budgets that spend no more
than they take in each year?
Yes No Do you support
reforms to mandatory spending (in programs like Medicare and Social
Security)?
Yes No *By answering this survey,
you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having
trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send
me e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite
202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
