
North Star Newsletter | January 2014
Finally! A Five-Year Farm Bill
I'm very pleased that we have finally reached an agreement on a five-year Farm Bill. Farmers across Minnesota have repeatedly told me that they not only want a Farm Bill, but need one. And this long-overdue bipartisan legislation will give the ag community the certainty they need.
I'm proud to say that I took an active role in writing portions of the bill, including the energy section of the legislation, which will help produce jobs and support rural communities all across our state. I was also happy to have helped preserve the sugar program, which contributes thousands of jobs and billions to the economy of our region.
And lastly, with the average age of Minnesota farmers in the mid-50s, I was glad that I helped get included a provision aimed at helping new farmers as they're just starting out. After working on this for several years, I am thrilled to say we are about to finally finish the job.
A Great Guest for the State of the Union
I had the honor of bringing Erick Ajax&mdash;who is co-owner of EJ Ajax &amp; Sons, an advanced manufacturing company in Fridley&mdash;to the State of the Union. I asked him to join me because he's a leader in addressing one of the challenges the President discussed: closing the skills gap.
The skills gap has left more than 3 million jobs unfilled because employers have job openings that require specialized skills but can't find qualified workers. To help address the skills gap, Erick and several other Minnesota business owners partnered with Hennepin Technical College to set up a program to train workers for these jobs.
Similar partnerships have formed all over the state, and everyone involved tells me that with some more resources for workforce development, we could do this better and faster.
That's why I'm working to pass my bill&mdash;the
Community College to Career Fund Act &mdash;that would expand these partnerships. It's a commonsense fix that would put people to work and enhance our global competitiveness.
Taking Action on Minnesota Propane Shortage
With severe temperatures still hitting Minnesota hard this week, we need to do everything we can to address the propane shortage and price spike that's affected an estimated 250,000 homes, businesses, and farming operations in Minnesota.
This crisis was caused by a perfect storm of factors. For one, the winter has been brutally cold and people have had to use more propane than in the past. We've also seen rail disruptions, pipeline outages, and exports outstripping the production of the fuel.
In response, I've been pressing the Obama Administration to do everything in its power to address this issue. Last weekend, my colleagues and I sent a letter to the President, urging him to work with pipeline and rail operators to deliver more propane into Minnesota. We also asked the President to temporarily restrict exports during the shortage and to make more heating assistance available to hard-hit Minnesotans. I'm happy to say that, after my push, the Administration took action and released more assistance. I've also called the Secretary of Energy and pressed him to fix this as quickly as possible.
As Chair of the Subcommittee on Energy, I'll continue to press for action to address this crisis, because it's hurting Minnesotans and threatening people who rely on propane to heat their homes, businesses, and farming operations.
Protecting Minnesotans' Right to Privacy
I believe Minnesotans, and all Americans, have a fundamental right to privacy. There are a lot of issues going on right now on privacy, including the ability to control what companies are getting your personal information and who it's being shared with.
That's why, awhile back, I asked the GAO&mdash;that's the government's watchdog agency&mdash;to do an investigation into how navigation companies like OnStar, Garmin, and Google Maps collect your location. I also asked them what they do with that information and who they share it with. We recently got the study back, and the results are troubling.
It's troubling because these companies aren't telling customers what they're doing with your very personal information. And just this month, a Vice President at Ford Motor Company bragged about knowing personal information about its customers.
So I'm trying to get to the bottom of this. I've reached out to Ford and asked them some tough questions about what they're doing with your information, and I expect to hear back from them soon.
To unsubscribe from these newsletters, please visit the unsubscribe page here: http://franken.senate.gov/?p=newsletter_unsub
