
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
CAN YOU LIVE ON THE MINIMUM WAGE?
It&rsquo;s time to give America a raise, put more money in the pockets of millions of consumers, and grow our economy. We are hearing a lot of debate on the issue of increasing the minimum wage. Recently the President signed an Executive Order to increase the minimum wage for federal contract workers to $10.10 an hour, starting next year. It&rsquo;s time to do the same for nearly 25 million other hardworking Americans, a majority of whom are women. Recently the Congressional Budget Office released a report on this important issue. You can read that report here:
Congressional Budget Office report .
I am a proud cosponsor of legislation I believe would have a net positive impact on job creation and economic growth, the Fair Minimum Wage Act. The New York Times published an interesting, interactive opportunity this week, simply asking, &ldquo;Can You Live On The Minimum Wage?&rdquo; I thought I would share it with you. For some of you, this is no mere exercise&mdash;it&rsquo;s a hard and inescapable reality you struggle with everyday. For others, please click through. You may learn something, I know that I did.
CONGRESSMAN CLEAVER MEETS WITH UNION MEMBERS IN MISSOURI&rsquo;S FIFTH
Congressman Cleaver speaks at the Laborers #264 Legislative Coffee in Kansas City
I was pleased to join many union members from Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District this week to talk about critical issues for workers, wages, and employment.
The importance of increasing the minimum wage came up in this discussion, as did the overall issue of unemployment. More than 1.6 million Americans lost their economic lifeline in December, when they were cut off from their unemployment insurance.
21,329 Missourians lost this much needed assistance in December, and each week, that number continues to grow. 72,000 people have and will continue to lose their unemployment insurance nationwide each week until and unless it is extended. Democrats have tried to bring an extension vote to the floor four times since December, but that vote has been blocked.
Missouri has already lost more than $46 million in our economy in the first two months of this year alone because unemployment insurance has not been extended.
We can do better than this as a nation. These are our neighbors. These are our friends. These are our fellow Americans who have played by the rules, and still lost their jobs through no fault of their own. Extending unemployment insurance is not a game. It&rsquo;s not a political weapon to be wielded for leverage. It is a tool that began with bipartisan support years ago, one that has received bipartisan support in the years since, and one that should have it now. It&rsquo;s not only important for these families, it is important for the overall recovery of the economy. And it&rsquo;s the right thing to do.
REMEMBERING THE PAST &ndash; WORKING FOR THE FUTURE
Congressman Cleaver talks about education and history with area students
This month marks Black History Month, a time to celebrate and commemorate the invaluable contributions African Americans have made to this nation. That was one of the subjects we discussed during my visit with middle and high school students recently at the African Centered College Prep Academy in Kansas City. We also talked about the importance of education, hard work, and continuing to devote ourselves to making this a better country for all Americans.
NEW FACE WORKING FOR MISSOURI&rsquo;S FIFTH
Kansas City&rsquo;s Chamber of Commerce hosts a Meet and Greet for Congressman Cleaver and his new DC Chief of Staff
I want to introduce you to my new Chief of Staff in Washington, John Jones. John spent the week in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District meeting constituents, community leaders, and business owners and employees. John has dedicated his professional career to public service and joins us from his post as Director of National Security Policy for Senator Charles Schumer (D-NY).
He is looking forward to serving our district, working on policy to grow jobs, revitalize the economy in urban, suburban, and rural areas, and to listening to your ideas and concerns.
Congressman Cleaver&rsquo;s new Washington Chief of Staff, John Jones
CIVILITY CORNER
One evening, a year or so ago, I heard about an eighty-five year old man who surprisingly won a seat in a special election. At his swearing in, the Speaker asked, &ldquo;Do you swear to defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic?&rdquo;
The soon to be freshman legislator said, with a tone of uncertainty, &ldquo;Well, I guess so, but&hellip;is anyone else going to pitch in or is it all on me?&rdquo;
The elder Member was clear about his loyalty to the U.S., but he wanted others to have a similar commitment. After all, loyalty, cooperation, and teamwork are the mother&rsquo;s milk of effective governance.
Only political arrogance cultivates the belief that, &ldquo;I alone practice a true love for the nation. And therefore, I alone, know what is best.&rdquo;
We must all take care not to substitute political supremacy for personal insecurity.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
Phone: (660) 584-7373
Fax: (660) 584-7227
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
