
Saturday, February 15, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friend,
Today, I would like to provide you with some updates from my work week in Washington, D.C.
My Meeting with King Abdullah of Jordan
Rep. Cuellar and other members meet with the King of Jordan for a State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations meeting.
This week, I welcomed King Abdullah of Jordan to the State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations meeting. We had a very productive meeting and discussed several issues that currently affect Jordan and the United States. It is great to see that we are able to work with other countries to accomplish our goal of serving and protecting the interests of Americans.
My Interview on Raising the Debt Limit and Advocating for Immigration Reform
Click to watch Rep. Cuellar's comments starting at minute 11:30.
On Tuesday, I went live on Fox News Power Play with Chris Stirewalt to talk about the need to raise the debt limit and the push for Congress to pass comprehensive immigration reform. In case you missed my comments on Power Play, you can watch them here.
Launch of Spanish-Language Health Insurance Enrollment Site
My outreach coordinator for Bexar County, Pete Arguello, is pictured here with Cecilia Muoz, Assistant to the President and Director of the Domestic Policy at an Enroll San Antonio event.
The Spanish language Healthcare.gov website, CuidadodeSalud.gov, has formally launched and I would like to remind everyone that the deadline of open enrollment for new healthcare coverage under the Affordable Care Act is March 31, 2014.
In January, 90,000 Texans enrolled in a healthcare plan as part of the new health insurance marketplaces, increasing total enrollment since October 1 st
to 207,500.
Nationally, 3.3 million people have enrolled in a plan since October, an increase of 53 percent over enrollment in the previous three months.
While the deadline is fast approaching, remember that there are many ways to enroll for healthcare coverage. It can be done online, through phone, in person, and by mail. I encourage everyone to look for helpful government resources or call one of my offices if assistance is needed.
Townhall Meeting at UTSA
The townhall meeting was held to bring awareness to national policy that affects Eagle Ford Shale.
This week, my Bexar County Outreach coordinator attended a town hall meeting with the U.S. Secretary of Energy, Dr. Ernest Moniz. He was hosted by UTSA President, Ricardo Romo and San Antonio Mayor, Julian Castro. Dr. Moniz participated in an open discussion with the general public, UTSA students and students from James Madison High School regarding national energy policy and areas affecting the Eagle Ford Shale. Secretary Moniz was also given a tour of STEM-related exhibits put on by the UTSA and Madison High School students.
San Isidro Valentine's Day Luncheon
My Starr County outreach coordinator Nichole Hernandez talked to constituents about their concerns and joined the residents in celebrating Valentines Day.
On Thursday in San Isidro, the Precinct 4 Nutrition Center Staff held a Valentines Day Luncheon and Dance to honor their residents. Everyone present enjoyed a delicious meal, a game of loteria and great music. These activities are geared at providing outlets for seniors to enjoy themselves and at the same time exercise and visit with friends. Starr County Judge Eloy Vera, Commissioner Ruben D. Saenz, Sheriff Rene Orta Fuentes, Judge Tony Trevino, Constable Richard Garza, County Clerk Dennis Gonzalez, Starr County Staff and other community members were present.
New &amp; Improved Intersection in Converse
Pictured here are my outreach coordinator, Gilbert Lafuente discussing the infrastructure projects with Converse Mayor Al Suarez and Bexar County Judge Nelson Wolf.
Congratulations to the City of Converse and Bexar County on the groundbreaking of a new, wider intersection at Loop 1604 and Lower Seguin Road! Several year ago, my office helped secure Stimulus Funding to expand the loop from its existing two-lane configuration to a four-lane divided highway. The intersection is located within the city limits of the city of Converse and is very important for the economic development of the community.
Information on Tax Season
Filing deadline is coming up fast. For additional assistance, visit IRS.gov or feel free to contact one of my offices.
Latest Twitter Updates
Sincerely,
Henry Cuellar
P.S. Please keep in touch by following me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
I look forward to hearing from you!
CONNECT
Next Week, the House of Representatives is in recess.
LATEST NEWS
El Maana, 2/14/14: " Modernizarn Puentes I y II "
Metro Noticias, 2/7/14: " Congresista Cuellar logra gestionar millonaria inversin para los cruces fronterizos del Valle
NEIGHBORHOOD
OFFICE HOURS
My outreach coordinators will be out in the community to meet with constituents and answer questions about how my office can help.
Tuesday, Feb. 18
Campbellton/Callihan
(call office for appointment)
9:00am - 10:00am
McMullen County Courthouse
Commissioners Court Room
SH 16 @ Elm Street
10:30am - 11:30am
Tilden, TX
Christine
(call office for appointment)
1:30pm - 2:30pm
Adkins
(call
office for appointment)
10:30am - 11:30am
Windcrest City Hall
8601 Midcrown
2:30pm - 3:30pm
Windcrest, TX
Bruni Community Center
303 12th Street
9:00am - 10:00am
Bruni, TX
Oilton Elementary
School Library
300 DeSpain St.,
10:30am - 11:30am
Oilton,TX
Mirando City Quad City
Community Center
917 N. Main Street
12:30pm - 1:30pm
Mirando, TX
Thursday, Feb. 20
Converse Public Library
601
Seguin
9:00am - 10:00am
Converse,
TX
China Grove City Hall
2412 FM 1516
10:30am - 11:30am
China Grove, TX
Open to San Antonio
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here