
FRI
21
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This week, I hit the road in New Hampshire and held town hall meetings in Winchester, Claremont, and Berlin.
I always value the opportunity to hear directly from Granite Staters and update them on what I'm working on in Washington -- see below for some highlights from this week's town halls.
During my visit to the North Country, I also met with officials at the Berlin Vet Center in Gorham, where we discussed the ongoing challenges North Country veterans are facing in accessing VA medical care.
I wrote to the VA Secretary this week and asked for an update on whether the agency is making progress in addressing these issues, and I will continue my efforts to improve access to VA medical care for our North Country veterans.
Earlier today, I addressed members of the Business and Industry Association of New Hampshire and updated them on recent legislative issues in Washington - including legislation I'm backing to boost infrastructure projects, my efforts to repeal the onerous Medical Device Tax, and the need for Congress and the administration to work together to get our nation's fiscal house in order.
This afternoon in Concord, I was glad to celebrate the investiture of Judge Landya McCafferty, the first woman to hold the position of federal district court judge for the district of New Hampshire.
It was an honor to be part of this historic ceremony and recognize Judge McCafferty's outstanding service to our state, and I'm looking forward to working with her in her new capacity.
Please read on for more news and updates from my office.
I hope you enjoy a relaxing weekend after all the snow we got this week!
Highlights from Winchester, Claremont and Berlin Town Hall Meetings
National debt worries New Hampshire senator
By Mike Faher,
Brattleboro Reformer February 20, 2014
WINCHESTER, N.H. -- With a pie chart displayed on one screen and an upward-ticking national-debt calculator on another, U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte left no doubt about her biggest concern.
During a lunchtime appearance Wednesday at Winchester's VFW Post 3968, the first-term Republican spent a significant portion of her "town hall meeting" talking about the federal government's debt, its spending and the effect of both on the average citizen.
And she pointed a finger at both sides of the political aisle.
"I always say, because I really believe it -- the debt is a bipartisan problem," Ayotte said. "It took two parties to get us this far in debt, and it's going to take two parties to get us out of this debt, as well."
Read more.
Ayotte visit focuses on Obamacare By Damien Fisher,
Claremont Eagle Times February 20, 2014
CLAREMONT
- New Hampshire and the rest of the country need a second take on the Affordable Care Act, said Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-New Hampshire.
"We need a do over," Ayotte said Wednesday at a town hall meeting held at the Claremont Savings Bank Community Center. "This has been a real mess."
Ayotte presented herself as a budget hawk during her town hall meeting held with members of the public in Claremont. After taking numerous questions about the federal Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, Ayotte said the roll out of the federal law mandating health insurance purchases through a specialized state health care exchange has been problematic.
"I don't want people in New Hampshire to suffer because of the way the law is being implemented," she said.
Claremont's Valley Regional Hospital is being excluded from the health care exchange by the sole insurance company participating in the marketplace, Anthem; Ayotte wants to fix this by encouraging more competition in the marketplace.
"I want a more competition based, choice based system," Ayotte said.
Read more.
Union Leader:
Ayotte: Work at veterans facilities in North Country critical for care
Ayotte: Work at veterans facilities in North Country critical for care By Debra Thornblad,
Union Leader February 20, 2014
U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte's trip Thursday to the North Country focused on veterans' health care needs and the state delegation's efforts to improve access to them.
Ayotte, a Republican, met staff and volunteers at the Vet Center in Gorham in the morning to tour the center and hear concerns. In the afternoon, she held a town meeting at the VFW in Berlin.
"The work they're doing providing counseling to our vets, this is critical," she said of the center. "Many have done multiple tours and need our support."
While the Vet Center was doing a good job with the mental health side of things, there's a big gap with providing medical services. The closest full service medical facility is in White River Junction, Vt. There are Community- Based Outpatient Clinic (CBOCS) in Littleton and Conway, but they are one to two-and-a-half hours way, depending on where in the North Country a veteran lives.
New Hampshire is the only state that effectively has no full-service health care facility for veterans, Ayotte said. She said she uses the term "effectively" because Alaska's in the same boat, but does have military facilities in the state that can provide services.
She called having veterans have to drive as far as they do "unfair."
Read more.
Union Leader : Ayotte concerned about cuts in COLA for new service members
Ayotte concerned about cuts in COLA for new service members
By Kimberly Houghton,
Union Leader
February 20, 2014
MERRIMACK - While praising Congress for approving legislation last week that restores military retiree benefits, U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte says she is still worried about new military members.
"What we did last week doesn't fix everything. In fact, I remain concerned that service members who have joined since Jan. 1 are still facing the same cuts to their cost of living increases," Ayotte, R-N.H., said Tuesday while standing in front of a small group of veterans at Merrimack VFW Post 8641.
A one percent reduction in cost of living benefits for select military retirees under the age of 62 was approved late last year as part of the Bipartisan Budget Act.
However, following significant attention from Ayotte and other political leaders, Congress last week approved legislation that restores military retirement benefits for current military retirees, and protects service members who joined the military before Jan. 1.
The bill was signed into law on Saturday.
Ayotte described the recent action as a very important step toward correcting a "terrible cut" with an estimated $6.3 billion in savings. Still, she says more should be done.
Read more.
Ayotte, Shaheen Ask Commerce Department to Waive State Matching Requirement on Behalf of NH Fisheries
As part of their ongoing efforts to protect New Hampshire's fishing industry and mitigate industry-wide economic losses, Senator Ayotte and Senator Shaheen are calling on U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker to waive the state matching requirements for federally declared disaster relief funds for the Northeast Multispecies Groundfish Fishery. In a letter sent this week, Ayotte and Shaheen along with a bipartisan group of New England Senators, urged Pritzker to exercise the Secretary's waiver authority in waiving the 25 percent match for this declared disaster.
"The Fisheries Disaster Assistance is critical to helping the industry recover from these dramatic losses," the Senators wrote. "Our state governments continue to stretch very limited resources, and waiving the state match requirement is crucial to assisting our state and local economies in their efforts to support the fishing industry."
Click here to read the letter.
Portsmouth Herald : Congressionals urge inspection of tracks in Sea-3 Project
Congressionals urge inspection of tracks in Sea-3 Project
By Charles McMahon,
Portsmouth Herald February 19, 2014
Members of New Hampshire's U.S. congressional delegation on Wednesday called on the Federal Railroad Administration to conduct an inspection of railroad tracks being eyed as part of a controversial proposal to transport liquefied petroleum gas.
Congresswoman Carol Shea-Porter, D-N.H. and U.S. Senators Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H. and Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., made the request in support of the local communities of Newington, Stratham, Greenland and Portsmouth.
The coalition of communities have recently begun to mobilize in response to the pending proposal from Sea-3, a Newington business, to expand its operations to allow it to off-load more propane from tank cars.
Sea-3's proposal would involve increasing the number of rail-cars carrying liquefied propane to the Shattuck Way facility. These cars would pass through Newington, Stratham, Greenland, and Portsmouth.
Read more.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
