
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear
David,
I am sure you already know that flood insurance
rate increases are devastating Tampa Bay area homeowners. Some of my
constituents are reporting increases by the tens of thousands of dollars
an untenable financial burden. Floridians deserve action, and that
is exactly what my top priority has been. I have been working
tirelessly to address the flood insurance crisis facing the 12 th
District for the past several months.
Last June I supported
initiatives to delay implementation of the Biggert Waters Act for one year. I
joined several colleagues in a
letter
urging House leadership to include a one year delay in any budget bill
that passed the House. I am an original cosponsor of the Flood Insurance
Fairness Act, which would delay National Flood Insurance Program
(NFIP) increases pending the completion of an affordability study ,
and an original cosponsor of H.R. 3370, the Homeowner Flood
Insurance Affordability Act, which is the House version of the
legislation which recently passed the Senate, which would delay any flood
insurance rate increases for four years.
While I will continue
to support these various measures to delay implementation, a delay
alone does not address the uncertainty that has been created in the
housing market as a result of these rate increases.
A permanent
solution is needed in order to stabilize our fragile housing market and
give constituents the peace of mind they deserve in knowing that they
have access to affordable coverage.
I developed my own permanent
fix to this problem H.R. 3312, the Homeowners Flood Insurance Relief
Act of 2013. This bill would act as a backstop to rate increases by
capping flood insurance premiums in a way that promotes affordability
while assuring solvency of the NFIP.
I discuss the details of my
legislation in more detail
here , during an
interview with Comcast Newsmakers.
I have been one of the few
members selected to work with Majority Leader Eric Cantor in a task force
commissioned with finding a permanent solution. We meet regularly to
ensure that my colleagues understand the urgency of this
situation.
On February 11, 2014, I led the Tampa Bay delegation in sending
a bipartisan letter to Speaker Boehner
urging
immediate
action on flood insurance, and was included in
a press release by Majority Leader Cantor , in which
he promises a vote on a flood insurance fix the week of February
24 th . Outside of the legislative remedies proposed, I have held
FEMA accountable for their unacceptable implementation and false
testimony before Congress.
FEMA has imposed these rates without
sharing information about rate calculations, without conducting an
affordability study and without establishing an appeals process for homeowners
believing their rates have been improperly calculated.
I brought
FEMA to my district for a town hall meeting and I am continuing to
follow up with FEMAs actuarial staff until I get satisfactory answers
to questions about rate calculation concerns.
Please
know that I will continue this fight until we have reached a solution
that will provide affordability for homeowners. Without relief, the
specter of rate increases will continue to threaten the housing market
and devastate homeowners. My constituents deserve thoughtful efforts to
solve this very real problem, not political stunts, and I will
provide just that.
I will not rest until that bipartisan solution has
been realized.
Sincerely,
Gus
Bilirakis
Member of Congress
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
