
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
January 31, 2014
Dear
Friend,
On Wednesday, after more than four years of work
and over 40 hearings, the House passed the 2014 farm bill, which
saves $23 billion and includes some of the most significant reforms to
farm policy in history. From my experience as an almond farmer in the
Central Valley, I know how crucial agricultural policy on the federal
level is to ensuring that our ag community can feed the
nation.
I was honored to work across the aisle with members of the House
and Senate over the last several months as a conferee on the conference
committee. I am especially pleased that the farm bill the House
passed includes a crucial victory for states rights by eliminating the
King amendment, which would have led to a race to the bottom for
agriculture production laws nationwide and imperiled the fate of California
egg producers.
The bipartisan legislation includes a series
of key reforms. The bill:
Ends direct
payments
Provides $800 million for specialty crop and citrus
research
Maintains full funding for the Market Access
Program, which means Californias agricultural commodities can continue to
be promoted worldwide
Makes the first reforms to SNAP
since 1996 while protecting critical assistance to families in need,
establishes a work requirement pilot program for SNAP in 10 states and
eliminates fraud in the current SNAP system
Repeals or
consolidates more than 100 programs administered by the
USDA
The Senate is expected to consider the bill shortly, and I
look forward to seeing the farm bill signed into law in the coming
weeks.
Another highlight of this week, which you may have seen,
was the Presidents State of the Union address. During his speech, he
noted that three million jobs are ready to be protected by finishing
transportation and waterways bills this summer. My top priority is
working to create jobs in the Central Valley, and that starts with water.
Thats what Ive introduced several bills this Congress focused on
infrastructure, including the water crisis in the Central Valley, which
when implemented will lead to a stronger Valley
economy.
President Obama also addressed the need for reform for our broken
immigration system. Immigration reform is an issue where we should find
common ground. I was pleased to hear his promise to work with the House
to pass real and effective reform that will secure our border, force
everyone to pay their fair share, establish a workable agricultural
visa program and reunite families. I will continue to work with members
of both parties who share the goal of fixing our broken
system.
During the speech, I posted my thoughts and engaged in
discussion with many constituents on
Facebook
and
Twitter . If youd like to hear more from me or ask me any
questions, Im active on both networks and would be happy to hear
from you. I also post videos regularly to my
YouTube
channel and pictures to
Instagram . Please follow
me to stay up to date.
On Tuesday, I participated in a
Veterans Affairs committee hearing about what we can learn from the
private sector's successes hiring veterans. Walmart, one of our
Veterans Jobs Caucus
members, gave testimony about their
goals and experiences hiring vets. With 250,000 servicemen expected to
enter civilian life over the next 5 years, the public and private
sector must work together to ensure our veterans have the very best job
opportunities available. If youd like to
get involved
with the Veterans Jobs Caucus , please visit my
website.
The Tavares family from Modesto visited my office this week
it
was great to meet with them during their trip to Washington, D.C. My
office helped the Tavares family secure tours of the White House, U.S.
Capitol Building and Supreme Court for Migdalia and her son Mark. If
youre planning a visit to Washington, please
contact
us for help in arranging tours.
Migdalia and her son Mark had a great trip to
Washington!
I met with Dr.
Jim Kooler, who runs the
California Friday Night Live
Partnership , which is dedicated to forming youth/adult partnerships
with young people and providing programs rich in opportunities and
support so young people will be less likely to engage in problem
behaviors, more likely to achieve in school and more likely to attend higher
education or secure a full-time job. Dr. Koolers work helps
California children to have brighter futures, and I was pleased to discuss this
goal with him.
I enjoyed hearing from Dr. Kooler about his work
with the California Friday Night Live
Partnership.
I spoke to Paul Robins with Fox 40 in
Sacramento about my bill to suspend federal spending on high-speed rail. If
you missed hearing me on air, you
can listen to our
full discussion online .
I hope you have an excellent
weekend!
JEFF DENHAM
What key provision
of the farm bill is most important to you?
Ending direct payments Funding for specialty crop and
citrus research Providing full funding for the Market Access Program Reforming SNAP by eliminating
fraud and establishing a pilot program for work requirements Repealing or consolidating
duplicative USDA program Eliminating the King Amendment Saving $23 billion in taxpayer
dollars *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701
Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
