
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
February 03, 2014
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
CONSTITUENTS
|
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
|
NEWSROOM
|
DISTRICT
Dear
Friend,
President Barack Obama gave the annual
State of the Union address
last Tuesday. The
President set his plan for the coming year, but also set an example by
making key policy initiatives a reality. Where many State of the Union
addresses are calls to action, President Obama
took
action. He
challenged Congress
and the nation
to do the same.
The
President laid out an agenda that will make the middle class more
accessible to those who work hard and play by the rules in pursuit of the
American Dream. It was a welcome message to those, like my guest,
Lawrence Mayor Dan Rivera , who
recognize the remarkable potential of communities hard hit by the Great
Recession, but need the partnership of the federal government as they
recover.
The President insisted that our economy must work
for all, creating opportunity for every American, not just for a
fortunate few. I appreciated his focus on making sure all bright and
deserving young people have access to affordable and effective education from
early childhood through college. And, I share his interest in
strengthening the tools to fight discrimination by passing bills that will
ensure equal pay for women and will provide greater protections for LGBT
workers.
Likewise, expanding job training initiatives
gives workers the skills that are in demand and supports our innovative
technology and manufacturing sectors. The Third District of
Massachusetts is home to top companies and institutions developing some of the
most cutting edge technology in fields like defense and clean
energy.
President Obama took action to raise the minimum wage for
federal contracts, and I support extending it further. In addition, I
hope both Democrats and Republicans heed the Presidents call to come
together to restore unemployment insurance.
President
Obama is right that comprehensive immigration reform is also fundamental
to rebuilding our economic stability. There is bipartisan momentum
coming out of the Senate to fix our broken system of immigration and the
American people want action.
As we approach the one
year anniversary of the bombings at the Boston Marathon, we are
reminded that we can take neither our freedom nor security for granted. I
thank the President and First Lady for inviting Chelmsford resident
Jeffrey Bauman, a survivor of the Boston Marathon tragedy who lost both of
his legs, and Carlos Arredondo, whose heroic actions helped save
Baumans life, as guests to the State of the Union. I also join with the
President and First Lady in thanking the first responders and
volunteers from that tragic day. Along with Mr. Bauman and Mr. Arrendondo, they
are all
Boston Strong
personified.
As we near
the end of our military involvement in Afghanistan, something I wholly
support, the U.S. must be cognizant of how we maintain security and
prevent backsliding. For the stability and success of that nation, and
for our own national security, the women of Afghanistan must continue
to have a seat at the table in society and government.
I
look forward to working with both President Obama and across the aisle
with my colleagues in the House to move ahead on these critical
issues.
Please be sure to scroll down to read more information
on some of the other topics on which I have been
working.
As always, I hope that you continue to provide me with your thoughts,
feedback, and opinions on these or any other subjects via my
website
or on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Niki
Tsongas
LILLY LEDBETTER
ANNIVERSARY
January 29, markedthe Fifth Anniversary of the
Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, signed by President Obama in 2009. That
bill was the first piece of legislation Barack Obama signed into law as
president, restoring basic protections against pay discrimination for
women. This legislation was a crucial step for ensuring equality in
the workplace.
But more work needs to be done. Women still
earn an average of just 77 cents for every dollar a man earns. Fair
pay, work and family balance, and child care will strengthen American
families and open opportunities for talented and hardworking women.
Equal pay for equal work is just commonsense and should be common ground
where Congress can work together. The benefits are far-reaching, for
individuals, for families and for our countrys economic future.
Read my full
statement
here
RENEW UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE
At
the State of the Union speech I wore a teal ribbon in support of
restoring unemployment insurance. Also this week, I spoke on the House
Floor in support of this effort. Approximately 1.6 million Americans are
out of work due to the economic downturn and without a safety net.
House Republican Leadership has not allowed a vote to restore this
assistance to the long-term unemployed.
My statement included
references to several Third District residents who contacted my office
to urge Congress to renew unemployment insurance.
One
man, a father of two from Chelmsford, has worked three jobs over the past
eight months but cannot find a full-time opportunity. Long-term
unemployment help support him and the millions of other hardworking
Americans nationwide. Congress must act.
Click here to read my full statement from the
House
Floor
AFGHAN WOMEN LETTER
I joined with my colleagues
Congresswoman Susan Davis (D-CA) and Congresswoman Martha Roby (R-AL)
in penning a letter to Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, urging him
to pursue a more robust plan to protect the gains of women in
Afghanistan. The letter highlights a provision in the recently passed FY 2014
National Defense Authorization Act that directs funding toward efforts
for recruiting and training Afghan women for security and defense
roles.
This letter was signed by 18 members of Congress and
was sent to the Secretary on January 16.
Read the full text of the letter
here
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Office Locations
Washington D.C.
Office
1607 Longworth House Office Building | Washington, DC
20515
Phone:(202) 2253411 |
Fax: (202) 2260771
Lowell MA Office
11 Kearney
Square, 4th Floor
Lowell, MA 01852
Hours: Mon.
Fri., 9:00am
5:00pm
Phone: 978.459.0101
Fax:
9784591907
Haverhill
Haverhill
Citizens Center
10 Welcome St, Room 4
Haverhill, MA
01830
Hours: Tues., 9:00am
11:00am
Phone:
9784590101
Marlborough
Frank D.
Walker Building
255 Main St, Room 108
Marlborough,
MA 01752
Hours: Thurs., 10:00am
12:00pm
Phone: 9784590101
Lawrence MA Office
15 Union Street, Suite 401
Lawrence, MA 01840
Hours: Tues. &amp; Wed., 10:00am
5:00pm
Phone:
9786816200
Fax: 9786826070
Tues., Wed., 10AM -
5PM
Fitchburg
Fitchburg State University
Center for Professional
Studies Office | 150 Main Street Fitchburg, MA 01420
Hours: Tues. &amp; Thurs., 10:00am
1:00pm | Phone: 9784590101
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
