
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
January 31, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Newsroom
|
Our District
|
Constituent Services
|
Visit DC
|
Contact
Tim
In This Week's Edition of E-News
...
Congress
Warns Against Presidential Overreach
Bipartisanship Starts with Mental Health
Reform
Chairman Murphy Investigates
Keystone Pipeline Delays
Energy
Committee Moves Bill to Construct New Clean Coal
Plants
Congress Warns Against Presidential
Overreach
A central theme of President Obamas State
of the Union address focused on making 2014 a year of action on his
agenda, regardless if Congress votes to enact laws establishing
Executive Branch authority for action.
Were not just going to be waiting for legislation, said the
President.
But Congress has the
sole authority under the Constitution to enact laws administered by
federal agencies. Article II, section 3 of the Constitution, stipulates
that the President is to take care that the laws be faithfully
executed.
The day after his State
of the Union speech, the President visited the Irvin Works U.S. Steel
plant in West Mifflin, Pa., to sign a temporary executive order
instructing the Treasury Secretary to create a program dubbed myRA that
would have employers establish direct deposit accounts for their
employees; accounts that will solely invest in government savings bonds backed
by the U.S. government.
In
an interview with Post-Gazette reporter Tracie Mauriello, Rep. Murphy
expressed concerns about the Presidents move to create a new federal
retirement program while the existing program, Social Security, is in a
state of fiscal disrepair.
"Let's quit taking from that and put 'security' back in Social
Security, said Rep. Murphy. If you want to work on a retirement fund, stop
borrowing from Social Security to fund other programs. (click here to
read the
PG
article )
A longtime advocate of shoring up Social Security,
Murphy introduced the Social Security and Medicare Protection Act
(H.R.1713), which puts Social Securityon sound fiscal footing by stopping
Congress and the Administration from raiding the Social Security and
Medicare Trust Funds to spend on earmarks and other government
programs.
Since the Lyndon Johnson
Administration, Congress has covered overspending by borrowing trillions
from the Social Security Trust Fund. Murphys Social Security and
Medicare Protection Act would put an end to this practice and finally stop
spending on projects like the Bridge to Nowhere. His bill is currently
under consideration before the House Budget
Committee.
To share your thoughts on the State of
the Union or the Social Security and Medicare Protection Act, please
click here .
Bipartisanship Starts
with Mental Health Reform
Click
here to watch he full interview.
Congressman Tim Murphy
will appear for an exclusive interview this Sunday on the Fox News
Channel at 12:30PM to discuss the state of the countrys mental health
system and deliver an update on his work as Chairman of the House Energy
and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations.
With a growing roster of both Republican
and Democrat supporters, Murphys Helping Families in Mental Health
Crisis Act (H.R. 3717) has been gaining momentum and nationwide praise.
On Sunday, the
Philadelphia Inquirer
published an op-ed by Rep. Murphy on how his legislation breaks down the
barriers preventing parents from getting medical help for mentally
ill children. Earlier this week, Murphy was the guest of Jake Tapper on
CNNs "The Lead" where he described the state of the countrys mental
health system.
The biggest
barriers for people getting mental health treatment is the federal and
state government, we're acting like a third world country, said
Rep. Murphy.
What we have done its embarrassing,
its immoral, and its unethical.
During the State of the Union address, President Obama renewed his
call for new firearms laws, but made no reference to the challenges
facing the mental health system and the need for
reform.
As the President asks where we can make
progress together, I can think of no better or important place to start
than helping families in a mental health crisis. This is a critical
healthcare need facing our nation that transcends traditional political
boundaries, with overwhelming recognition that our current system is
failing families and patients in need, said Murphy.
Read his response to the State of the Union
here.
Dont forget to tune into the Fox News
Channel this Sunday at 12:30PM to hear Rep. Murphy discuss the state of the
countrys mental health system.
To share your thoughts on the Helping Families in Mental Health
Crisis Act please
click
here .
Chairman
Murphy Investigates Keystone Pipeline Delays
It has been over five years since the
first application for the Keystone XL pipeline was submitted. Since
that time, multiple federal agencies have cleared the project as a safe
way to transport North American oil to American refineries. The project
has been studied so comprehensively and carefully that there are more
pages to its own review than pages in the Bible, War and Peace,
Atlas Shrugged, and the Affordable Care Act
combined.
Just today, the State Department released
yet another environmental review of the pipeline project. The report
reiterated the same conclusions reached in the draft assessment last
March: the Keystone Pipeline would have limited environmental impacts,
have a minimal effect on the climate and won't significantly increase
carbon emissions from Canadian oil
sands.
But despite persistently high unemployment and need for
energy resources, the Obama Administration has continued to delay
approval for this pipeline infrastructure projected to create
20,000 American manufacturing and
building trade jobs
according to a study by the Perryman
Group.
Details are emerging that a
coordinated effort is underway between Executive branch officials and
environmental groups are working closely to stop the Keystone XL
pipeline.
This week , emails obtained under a Freedom of Information
Act request by the Energy and Environment Legal Institute suggest
senior policy officials within the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
have been working with anti-fossil energy environmental groups to stop
the Keystone XL pipeline from being
approved.
House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee Chairman Tim
Murphy, and full Committee Chairman Rep. Fred Upton (R-MI),
sent a letter
to EPA
Administrator Gina McCarthy seeking answers about the undisclosed communications
specifically stating: "we want to be sure those officials do not
inappropriately share non-public planning and deliberative documents in a
manner that undermines trust in the agency's
process."
Approving projects like the Keystone XL
Pipeline allows us to use North American energy resources and free us from
the clutches of OPEC, said Chairman
Murphy.
The House has passed multiple bills to advance
construction of the pipeline, but those bills have died in the Senate. It is
anticipated the President, even with todays report reaffirming the
safety of the pipeline project, will not take action to advance its
construction.
To share your
thoughts on the Keystone Pipeline, please
click
here .
Energy Committee Moves Bill to Construct New Clean Coal
Plants
Last September,
the Environmental Protection Agency released a new requirement that all
future coal-fueled power plants must capture and store carbon
dioxide emissions.
The carbon
capture and storage (CCS) technologies required to meet the proposal,
however, are not commercially viable. By setting such an unachievable
standard, the EPA would effectively block any new coal plants from being
built
even facilities that are using the most advanced clean-coal
technologies and scrubbers.
Coal
is the most abundant and affordable fuel available in the United
States. With more than 250 billion tons of coal reserves, America has more
coal energy than the Mid East has oil reserves. The state of
Pennsylvania alone is the fourth largest producer of coal in the country, but
tonnage has fallen ten percent in the last five years as onerous EPA
regulations have made coal more expensive. To make sure coal has a
future in the United States, the Energy and Commerce Committee approved
legislation this week that would curtail the EPAs latest global warming
regulation.
The Electricity
Security and Affordability Act requires that any standard for new coal
plants must be achieved for a one-year period by at least six
different generating units, including highly efficient plants that utilize
the most modern emissions control
technologies.
No utility operator has been able to construct a
cost-effective carbon-capture sequestration system. For example, Southern
Company is building a coal-fueled plant with CCS technology in Kemper
County, Mississippi. However, a billion-dollar cost overrun has turned
this 582-megawatt plant into a $4.7 billion boondoggle. The coal
plant is pricier than a comparable nuclear plant and five times as
expensive as a gas-fired plant.
Next
month, Oversight Chairman Tim Murphy plans a public hearing on the
state of carbon-capture and clean-coal technology. The hearing will help
determine what research is necessary before utilities can meet the
EPAs new standard.
To
share your thoughts on the EPA and coal, please
click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington Office
2332 Rayburn House
Office Bldg.
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2301
Fax: (202) 225-1844
Pittsburgh Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA
15228
Phone: (412) 344-5583
Fax: (412)
429-5092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 850-7312
Fax: (724) 850-7315
Click Here to Email Congressman Tim
Murphy
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
