
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent
Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact
Me
February 16, 2014
Capitol
Corner: Controversial National Labor Relations Board Makes Sweeping Changes
to Help Their Organized Labor
Friends
Earlier this month, the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) proposed
sweeping new regulations that would speed up union organizing, while
violating employees privacy and taking away their
voices.
Included in the new regulations is a
controversial rule that would delay employers legal challenges until after the
organization election occurs, including whether certain workers are
even eligible to vote.
The rule is an effort by the NLRB and the
Obama Administration to speed up union elections in the hopes that they
can drown out the voices of the employees and employers.
The
move is being hailed by unions, who incorrectly blame their membership
decline from 20 percent of US workers in 1983 to 11.3 percent today on
the voting delays.
In fact, according to the Workforce Fairness
Institute, 94 percent of elections take place within 56 days, with
labor winning 64 percent of the
vote.
This rule was initially proposed by the NLRB in 2011, but
struck down by the courts because the board did not have a proper quorum
present during the vote.
President Obama later bypassed the Senate
and the US Constitution, I might add
by improperly appointing
people to the NLRB, claiming the Senate was in recess when it was not.
The case is currently before the Supreme Court, who heard
arguments last month.
During those arguments, the Justices appeared
highly questionable of the presidents move.
Even his own appointee
Elena Kagan stated, The history is entirely on the Senates side, not
your side.
A decision is expected sometime later this year.
If the appointments are overturned, it is likely that the
decisions made since the appointment will also be
overturned.
In addition, the NLRB also proposed a rule that
would require employers to turn over their employees email addresses
to union organizers.
That means that employees will be forced to
have their email addresses shared with union organizers whether they
want to be contacted by them or not
which Im sure many will find to
be a huge invasion of their
privacy.
The public has until April 7th of this year to comment on the rule
and the NLRB plans to hold a hearing to discuss the rule that same
week.
The US Chamber of Commerce as well as other business groups
are looking into options to block the ruling.
House Republicans
have also begun looking into what can potentially be done
legislatively.
House Education and Workforce Chairman John Kline (R-Minn.)
sent a letter to the NLRB demanding a meeting on the
matter.
House Republicans have also been working to
hold up any new regulations coming out of the board since the
constitutionality of the so-called recess appointments by President Obama
has been called into question.
I have signed on to seven separate
pieces of legislation to address the dramatic overreach of the Obama
Administration and the NLRB, including H.R. 1120, the Preventing
Greater Uncertainty in Labor-Management Relations Act.
The actions of
both the president and this board are only harming our fragile
economy and making it harder for employers to create jobs.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Grand Opening of
Home Depot's
Direct Fulfillment Center
in Locust Grove
Last Monday, I was
honored to participate in Home Depot's ribbon cutting ceremony of the
new
direct fulfillment center
(DFC) in
Locust Grove. This facility is expected to employ over 300 workers and I
am proud the 1.1 million square foot facility calls Georgia's Third
District home. The DFC isn't your typical walk-up store, but a
distribution facility for online orders. It is a testament to the company's
growing success, and I look forward to continue working with Home Depot to
create jobs and build Georgia's economy.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
Drug Store News: NCPA: U.S. Reps. contact Medicare in support
of proposed changes for 2015 drug plans
Members of
Congress are contacting the U.S. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services in support of pro-patient improvements the agency proposed for
Medicare Part D prescription drug plans in 2015, a development
applauded today by the National Community Pharmacists AssociationU.S.
Representatives Mike Rogers, R-Ala., and Lynn Westmoreland, R-Ga., have
written to CMS to back the change
Bloomberg: Will Yellen Really Be a Better Bank
Regulator Than Summers?
...In response to a question from
Representative Lynn Westmoreland, a Georgia Republican, she said: "In
deciding to raise capital standards on financial institutions,
[studies] tried to assess what would be the net effect on the
economy
The Hill: Pension cuts repeal
sent to Obama
The Senate on Wednesday swiftly sent
legislation to President Obamas desk that repeals the $6 billion cut
to military pensions...
Tips on Spotting
Tax Fraud
As tax season arrives,
make sure you are educated to spot signs on tax fraud to avoid getting
scammed...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC
20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770)
683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
