
The Rigell Report: A Message From John Thomas, Legislative Director
Dear Friends,
It is a pleasure to update you on Congressman Rigells legislative week in Congress.
Energy and Jobs Briefing for Fellow Members
Last week, Congressman Rigell hosted a bi-partisan congressional briefing to highlight a recent report that shows Virginia Coastal Energy could create 25,000 new jobs for working families. Representative Rigell has been a strong proponent of unleashing the potential of Virginia energy
not only for job creation but to generate revenue for Virginia that could go toward improving our roads and schools.
Expanding the energy industry in Hampton Roads will also diversify our local economy and increase its resilience against sharp swings in government spending.
Read the full study
here .
Rigell shares findings of the energy study with colleagues in the House of Representatives.
New finding: VA energy has potential to create 25,000 jobs!
Helping Veterans Pay for College
Last week, the House passed legislation to mandate that public universities offer in-state tuition rates to our nations veterans.
The GI Tuition Fairness Act accounts for the fact that veterans, because of the nature of their service, sometimes have little control over where they end up living, making them unable to meet state residency requirements needed to qualify for in-state tuition.
This is an important benefit for the 1% of Americans who defend the other 99% of our citizens.
Achieving Accountability in Cleaning the Bay
The large-scale, multi-jurisdictional Chesapeake Bay Program currently lacks a single coherent reporting system to track all restoration activities. Last week, the House passed the Chesapeake Bay Accountability and Recovery Act to require the government to paint a complete and coherent picture of its efforts to clean the Bay, bringing better management and oversight to the Chesapeake Bay cleanup process.
In such complicated projects, its critical to have a comprehensive picture of where the money is going to ensure good government.
Sincerely,
John M. Thomas
John Thomas is the Legislative Director for Congressman Rigell.
Based in the Washington, DC office, John oversees Congressman Rigells legislative agenda.
He served in the Marine Corps and is an attorney.
John and his wife are the proud parents of four (one of those is scheduled to arrive this summer!)
Helpful Resources
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
Find out what happened on the House floor today
Find out what's coming up in the House of Representatives
Learn about the legislative process
2014 House Legislative Calendar (113th Congress, Second Session)
What House Republicans Are Doing to Provide Government Oversight
Your Congressman in the News
Wall Street Journal:
Debt-Limit Ideas Still Being Floated
Hampton Roads Military:
Virginia to Pentagon: Keep 11 aircraft carriers
And what were reading
Washington Post:
Four words in the ACA could spell its doom
Oh and also What Do You Think?
This weeks Wisdom of the District poll asks readers opinion on Iran Sanctions.
We want your take.
Click
here
to take the survey.
Local Highlights
You Should Go!
NASA Wallops Visitor Center on the Eastern Shore:
The
NASA Wallops Visitor Center
located on VA RT 175 near Chincoteague Island offers many great exhibits as testimony to the amazing things done at Wallops in addition to serving as a prime viewing location for rocket launches!
Check out the tentative launch schedule
here .
Did you know: Rep. Rigells dad was a NASA engineer!
Quote Worthy:
"Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle. And so we must straighten our backs and work for our freedom. A man can't ride you unless your back is bent."
- Martin Luther King, Jr.
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here