
A Message from Congressman Paul Broun
Broun Fights Against Reckless Spending
This week Congressman Broun spoke out in opposition to Speaker Boehner's bill to suspend the debt ceiling until March 15, 2015. Broun refused to support a bill that would burden future generations with bills they cannot afford to pay. Broun rebuked this bill calling it "highly irresponsible", equating the bill to giving the president a blank check.
Said Broun,
" We cannot continue to fuel the Presidents spending addiction by increasing our nations borrowing limit and leaving our children and grandchildren with bills they simply cannot afford to pay. "
Broun vowed to vote against the bill, a measure aiming to protect the financial outlook of future generations. Visit Congressman Broun's website for his
full statement
on this bill.
The Results Are In: No IRS Bonuses
Last week I posted a survey question asking whether or not IRS employees should be receiving bonuses. Over 750 of you responded and the results were clear. Have a look:
Trouble with Taxes?
Are you or any seniors you know having trouble with your taxes? AARP Foundation Tax-Aide is available free to taxpayers with low and moderate income, with special attention to those 60 and older. AARP Foundation is an affiliated charity of AARP.
Find an AARP Foundation Tax-Aide location near you
www.aarp.org/findtaxhelp .
Quick Links
Bill Would Kill PPACA, CMS
Press Releases
Click below to read recent Press Releases.
Broun Invites Georgian Affected by Obamacare &amp; IRS Targeting to State of the Union
" Like many Americans, Debbie wants answers from the President, and it is my hope that the President addresses these issues tonight and gives the American people the apology and explanation that they deserve.
Broun: Farm Bill Conference Report a Complete Disgrace
"The Farm bill brought before the House today is a complete disgrace. This bill fails to make any real reforms, re-joins the food stamp and farm programs which had been separated in the House bill, and somehow manages to exceed the spending levels of both chambers passed versions of this bill."
Connect
RSS Feed
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Washington D.C.
2437 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4101
Fax: (202) 226-0776
Athens
3706 Atlanta Hwy, Ste 2
Athens, GA 30606
Phone: 706-549-9588
Fax: 706-549-9590
Click Here Click Here