
January, 2014
WEBSITE
|
SUBSCRIBE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Click here to subscribe to Matt's Memos!
Friend,
As the new legislative year gets underway, I wanted to update on what Ive been up to in Congress.
To begin with, however, you should know that during the Second Session of the 113 th
Congress, I plan to continue to work on behalf of seniors, veterans, and the middle class in the House of Representatives.
Improving our economy and creating jobs will be my highest priority, and I will use my vote and voice in Washington to help create and maintain economic, health and retirement security for the residents of the 17 th
Congressional District.
As the Second Session progresses, I hope you will share with me your ideas and opinions about public policy and the work of Congress.
Your feedback on how legislative proposals would affect your job, your business, or your family is enormously useful to me in my role.
Please keep the comments coming.
You can also stay up to date by
subscribing to my newsletter
or you can find me on
Facebook
and
Twitter!
I look forward to continuing to serve you.
In the News
On December 28 th , 1.3 million Americans who had been approved for and were receiving the Emergency Unemployment (extended) Benefits were abruptly cut off from receiving those benefits.
The number of Americans affected by the expiration of this important federal program continues to grow each week as more unemployed workers reach the end of their regular benefits provided in their state.
I support an immediate extension of the extended benefits.
They have never previously been discontinued while the long-term unemployment rate is as high as it is today.
I have repeatedly urged the House leadership to act to extend the program, and I hope majority leadership will listen to both me and the American people and keep this temporary lifeline going.
Click on the above images to view.
The extended benefits help struggling Americans look for new work and provide for their families at the same time. More information about the federal Emergency Unemployment Compensation program and how many people are being cut off in each state is available
here .
Legislative Activity
In January, I introduced the
Notification of Your Eldercare Rights Act , which would require professional homecare agencies to disclose to the elderly whether a home health care worker is classified as a homecare agency employee or an independent contractor.
Consumers are often unaware of the significant responsibilities
like workers compensation
for which they are liable when hiring an independent contractor.
We have an obligation to safeguard older citizens from any form of exploitation or potential legal hazards, and I am proud to sponsor this bill to provide peace of mind.
I Passed My First Bill!
I am happy to announce the first passage of a piece of my introduced legislation.
This was very gratifying; it is difficult to do as a freshman.
In mid-January, Congress passed and the president signed a fiscal year 2014 consolidated appropriations bill funding the government through September 30, thus eliminating the possibility of another government shutdown in the immediate future.
The bill also gave federal agencies some relief from the ten-year sequester law, which is a punitive set of indiscriminate cuts enacted by the previous Congress and never meant to actually go into effect.
I was also very happy to see that the consolidated appropriations bill adopted the language from the Wage Grade Parity Act, which I introduced in November 2013.
The legislation and its inclusion provides 1,809 blue-collar employees at Tobyhanna Army Depot and nearly a quarter million blue-collar federal workers across the country a 1% Cost of Living Adjustment (COLA) to their pay.
While 1% is not a lot on its own, the COLA taken together means more than $1 million dollars coming to northeastern Pennsylvania between federal workers at the Wilkes-Barre VA hospital, the Bureau of Prisons and Tobyhanna.
2013 Legislative Report Cards Released
An independent organization, GovTrack, released their special year-end statistics covering Representatives records during the 2013 legislative year and comparing them to other Representatives serving at the end of the session.
I am proud to announce that I was ranked #1 in the following categories among House Freshman:
Leadership Score:
1 st
among
House Freshmen
Bills Introduced:
1 st
among
House Freshmen
Powerful Cosponsors:
1 st
among
House Freshmen
Cosponsors:
1 st
among
House Freshmen
I am pleased that GovTrack has come out with an objective analysis that allows constituents to better understand the work their representative is doing.
I am working hard every day to accomplish the things that matter most to my constituents, introducing important legislation and working across the aisle.
I will always support a good idea
no matter what side of the aisle it comes from.
I am looking forward to continuing my work on behalf of northeastern Pennsylvania to solve problems and get results.
Additionally,
click here to see what Caucuses I have joined and on which committees and subcommittees I serve
and
here to search legislation that I have both co-sponsored and introduced.
.
How to Contact me
Click here to subscribe to Matt's Memos!
You can reach me at Cartwright.house.gov or by contacting any of the offices listed below:
Scranton District Office
226 Wyoming Avenue
Scranton, PA 18503
(P) 570-341-1050
(F) 570-341-1055
Easton District Office
One South Third Street
9th Floor
Easton, PA 18042
(P) 484-546-0776
(F) 610-252-3257
Pottsville District Office
121 Progress Avenue
Suite 310
Pottsville, PA 17901
(P) 570-624-0140
(F) 570-622-2902
Wilkes-Barre District Office
20 North Pennsylvania Avenue
Suite 201
Wilkes-Barre, PA
18711
(P) 570-371-0317
Washington, DC Office
1419 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(P) 202-225-5546
(F) 202-226-0996
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
