
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Raise the Wage
February 21, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
Tax Season
As the tax deadline of April 15th looms on the horizon, my office would like to pass along a few online tax resources that will help with your filing process. For assistance please visit
http://www.irs.gov
or call toll-free 1-800-829-1040. The IRS resources below help give taxpayers the information they need to ensure their taxes are filed on time and with as little hassle as possible.
IRS Resources:
1040 Central
&ndash; This clearinghouse provides all the information you need to know to file your 1040 quickly and easily.
Tax Tips for 2014
&ndash; Find tips to make your filing process as easy as possible. For information in Spanish click
here . For information in Chinese click
here .
Small Business Health Care Tax Credit for Small Employers
&ndash; If you employ less than 25 full time employees and cover at least 50 percent of the cost of single health care coverage for each of your employees, you may be eligible for the
Small Business Health Care Credit .
Free File
&ndash; If you earned $58,000 or less last year, you may be eligible for free brand-name tax software to file your taxes. To find out if you are eligible or to browse the list of software, click
here .
Track Your Refund
&ndash; Where&rsquo;s My Refund is an online tool that allows you to track your refund.
Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Program (VITA)
&ndash; The VITA Program offers free tax help to low- to moderate-income people who cannot prepare their own tax returns. To find a VITA location near you, click
here .
#Timefor1010
The American people have spoken and
economists
and
experts
have made it clear: it&rsquo;s time to give America a raise.
Increasing the minimum wage to $10.10 would lift nearly a million Americans out of poverty, lift the wages for 25 million people, close the opportunity gap, and offer a fair shot to those struggling most to make ends meet.
Most of all, it will benefit
women , who make up more than half of minimum wage workers nationwide &ndash; ensuring that
women succeed so America succeeds .
San Francisco is already ahead of the curve &ndash; proving how
a higher minimum wage
can strengthen our community as our local leaders consider further action to ensure the middle class can always afford to live in our city.
Now, the rest of the country should follow our lead.
It&rsquo;s time for congressional Republicans to bring the Democrat&rsquo;s minimum wage legislation to the floor &ndash; we are confident it would garner bipartisan support.
It is time to act to make the American Dream a reality and to build ladders of opportunity for the American people.
Covering all Californians
With six weeks remaining until the open enrollment March 31st deadline,
Covered California
has already
exceeded
its 2014 Affordable Care Act enrollment goals.
As of Jan. 31, 2014, more than 1.6 million Californians have signed up for either Covered California health insurance plans or for Medi-Cal. Additionally, nearly 80 percent of Covered California enrollees are eligible for subsidies.
With the help of the improved
Spanish-language website ,
increased numbers
of bilingual Certified Enrollment Entities and Counselors, and
other useful resources , I am confident that we will only continue to see
these figures
grow.
Inscr&iacute;base en el Programa
&lsquo;Covered California!&rsquo;
.
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, Covered California is exceeding its targets and can now focus on fulfilling the promise to ensure affordable, quality health coverage for all Californians.
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
