
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I
HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
As Vice-Chairman of the Veterans Affairs
Committee, I was proud to support the passage of S. 25, which
restores veterans full pension COLA without adding to the deficit. It is
imperative that we keep our promise to the members of the armed services
who have sacrificed so much for our country. Military retirees have
bravely served and made enormous personal sacrifices. Our country
promised these retirement pensions to military retirees. I am pleased to see
that Congress is able to honor that
commitment.
I am dedicated to ensuring that veterans receive the support they
need, especially in these critical economic times. One of my top
priorities while serving in Congress is working to honor our nation's
veterans. I have introduced and cosponsored many pieces of legislation
intended to ensure that our veterans receive the compensation and
benefits that they earned. Prior to S. 25 being signed into law on February
15th, I had introduced H.R.3794. My legislation would have
repealed all of the adjustments to the working age military retiree COLA that
were included in the Bipartisan Budget Act, and would have remained
budget neutral by directing the Defense Department to find $6.2 billion
appropriated by Congress yet to be spent by the
Pentagon.
The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan are coming to a close,
and our men and women are returning home from overseas. It is
important that these veterans seamlessly reintegrate into civilian life. Most
recently, the House considered H.R. 357, the
GI Bill Tuition Fairness Act of 2014. As a cosponsor,
I was proud to support this bill's passage. H.R. 357
is
a package of veterans benefits that would assist veterans
reintegration into civilian life. It extends the Veterans Retraining
Assistance Program, which offers 12 months of training assistance to
unemployed veterans between the ages of 35 and 60, and includes a provision
that will allow veterans to reap the benefits of in-state tuition,
regardless of residency, should educational institutions choose to meet
the criteria set forth in the legislation.
It is my hope the Senate will pass
the numerous House-passed measures to improve the lives of our
veterans.
Congressman Bilirakis (R-FL),
member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, supports the findings
in a
report
by the US State Department,
which found that the disapproval of the Keystone XL pipeline is
unlikely to significantly impact the rate of extraction in the oil sands or
the continued demand for heavy crude oil at
refineries.
This is the fifth environmental review of the Keystone XL
pipeline, and all of them come to one conclusion
the Keystone
pipeline will not impact the environment. The study concludes that Canadas
oil sands will expand at roughly the same rate whether or not the
Keystone pipeline is built, said Bilirakis.
The fact is the Keystone XL will
have a positive impact on job creation in America. Partisan politics
would be the only reason to deny the pipeline, continued Bilirakis.
President Obamas last Secretary of Energy, Steven Chu, agrees
the decision is
political . At a time when
unemployment hovers under seven percent, when the percentage of the
labor force is at its lowest point since 1978, when the construction
industry has been so negatively impacted by the economic downturn
why
would the President refuse to support the Keystone pipeline, a sure
way to create jobs?
On May 5 th , 2013,
Congressman Bilirakis voted for H.R. 3, the Northern Route Approval
Act.This legislation passed the House of Representatives, which approved
the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. The pipeline represents a
part of an all-of-the-above energy strategy to bolster domestic energy
production. Both renewable and nonrenewable sources of energy are
crucial to a healthy, prosperous American
economy.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
