 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
February 16, 2014
Dear Friend,
A winter storm brought many parts of the East
Coast to a standstill this week, but we were still able to get some
important work done in the House.
On Tuesday, I
voted against a debt limit increase that failed to cut spending. Currently our
federal government has accrued a 17.3 trillion dollar debt, and raising
our debt limit to pay for out-of-control spending only perpetuates
our nations spending problem. We need to get our priorities straight by
making decisions that will bring about meaningful and lasting
reforms. Additionally, I was honored to vote on Tuesday to restore COLA
payments to our nations retired veterans. In this newsletter you will find
my statement regarding that vote.
This week the president
announced yet another Obamacare delay, which will affect the Affordable
Care Acts employer mandate. President Obama has delayed or changed
parts of Obamacare at least 23 times since the House voted to delay the
mandate for individuals and families. Americans deserve fairness for
allnot just for those the president chooses.
On Wednesday,
February 19th, in Cary, I'll be hosting a panel discussion on
immigration. Below you will find information about time, location and how to
register to attend the event.
Please share this newsletter with
your friends and family via email using the "Tell a Friend" form in
the right sidebar, and follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
Pinterest .
Visit my website,
ellmers.house.gov , for more
information on Washington and the Second District. As always, please
reach out to my office if there is any way we can be of
assistance.
Voting to Restore Veterans' Retirement
Increase, Against Raising the Debt Limit
After voting to restore
COLA payments to retired veterans and against an increase to the
nation's debt limit, I released the following statement regarding the
vote:
"Our veterans have made countless sacrifices on behalf of
our freedom, and today I was proud to vote in favor of restoring their
full retirement benefits through the scheduled Cost of Living
Adjustments (COLA). Simply put, this bill restores COLA benefits without
adding more pain to our military. Our government has a serious spending
problem, but this should not be placed on the backs of our nation's
heroes: the men and women of our armed forces."
"We need
to get our priorities straight and make common-sense decisions that
will bring about meaningful reforms. Today's vote on a bill to raise
the debt limit without any fiscally-responsible alternatives fails on
numerous accounts, which is why I voted against it. Absent meaningful
reforms, raising our debt limit to pay for out-of-control past spending
will only perpetuate the problem without solving
it."
"Here in the House, we will continue to act responsibly as stewards
of taxpayer dollars. For the first time in over five years, we passed
a budget and brought the power of the purse strings back where it
belongs - with an appropriations process in Congress. There is certainly
much more work to be done, but I remain committed to acting in the best
interest of our nation and our children's
future."
Join Me for a Discussion on Immigration
I'll be hosting a panel
of local employers and faith leaders in a discussion on the issue of
immigration this week.
When:
Wednesday, February 19,
2014
9:00 - 10:30
a.m.
Where:
301 Embassy Suites
201 Harrison Oaks
Blvd.
Cary,
NC
Register to attend by emailing your name,
address, business or group affiliation (if any), along with any
questions you would like to submit for the panel,
HERE .
Another Obamacare
Delay
Obamacare patients are now living
with the effects of the broken promises the president made, including the
promise that they would be able to keep their doctors.
Fox News
reported
this week, "For instance, one study shows that while a commercial plan
would have about 40 cardiologists per 100,000
people, a typical ObamaCare plan would have an average of only
15... AEI found a similar situation in a county in Florida where there
are 'seven pediatricians for a county that serviced almost a quarter
of a million children.'"
According to a new
National Small Business
Association survey , 1 in 3 small businesses say they are purposefully
not growing as a result of the health care
law.
We have not yet seen the full effect of the mandates that require
health insurance coverage since the president has delayed the mandates
several times now -- most recently this week. These mandates should not
just be delayed for businesses, they should be lifted for individuals
and families as well. The results of this disastrous law have already
caused too much pain.
Time to Fix
Medicare's Competitive Bidding Process
My
op-ed on the need to reform Medicare's competitive bidding process ran
in
The Hill
this week.
Here is an excerpt:
Reform medical bidding
process to protect seniors
The
Hill
What was Medicares competitive bidding process meant to
do?
Simply put, it was designed to provide competition and lower prices for
our disabled citizens and seniors. But for years, this well-intended
process has been overrun with errors and fraud.
When
competitive bidding was first debated on Capitol Hill, there was widespread
agreement among lawmakers and policymakers that Medicare needed a more
cost-effective method of determining prices for home medical equipment
such as oxygen therapy, wheelchairs, hospital beds and diabetic
testing materials.
Yet, since its inception in 2011, the program
began drawing concerns from consumer groups, Medicare beneficiaries, and
businesses large and small. Their concerns were based on the fact
that this program is jeopardizing the health of Medicare patients and
forcing equipment suppliers to close or lay off workers.
Shortly
after the program was first implemented, Congress legislatively
delayed it for 18 months due to critical flaws in the bidding process,
which produced fewer competitors, fewer homecare services, and a
substantial decrease in the quality of care for seniors and the disabled. Since
the delay, no significant improvements have been made to the program
or the bidding process.
These problems have hit my own
constituents in North Carolina, where patients and businesses have been
negatively affected following the programs launch in four locations
throughout the state.
Businesses like Family Medical Supply in the
Triangle area of North Carolina are being forced to close stores and
lay off workers. In Gastonia, Joseph Reutter of BSI Medical Supply
worried about how he would tell his employees that he couldnt afford to
keep them. And in New Bern, Medicare patients like 73-year-old Joseph
Metts went through a lengthy ordeal trying to get the right diabetic
testing supplies.
Read the rest of my op-ed in
The Hill .
This Week In the Energy &amp; Commerce
Committee
On Tuesday, in a hearing of the
Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee , I questioned
a representative of the FDA regarding the persistent threat of drug
shortages in hospital systems.
In this exchange
I
discussed the issues with manufacturing quality and shortages taking
place in the Wake Med Hospital System and the lack of transparency in
the process used to determine which drugs make it onto the "shortage
list" and how they are later removed from that list.
In the News
Reaction to the latest Obamacare Delay
The Wall
Street Journal This Morning
Most employers won't face a fine
next year if they fail to offer workers health insurance, the Obama
administration said Monday, in the latest big delay of the health-law
rollout. The Wall Street Journal This Morning spoke with Rep. Renee
Ellmers (R-NC) about the latest change to Obamacare and what she would do
to improve the law.
House votes to
keep cost-of-living increases for military
pensions
Raleigh News &amp; Observer
All of the members of the
House from the greater Triangle area voted for the bill (Republicans
George Holding of Raleigh, Renee Ellmers of Dunn, Howard Coble of
Greensboro, and Democrats G.K. Butterfield of Wilson, David Price of Chapel
Hill and Mike McIntyre of Lumberton).
House Republicans drop bid to tie other issues to debt
ceiling
CNN
However, some Republicans immediately
balked at the shift by their leader, saying they would oppose a debt
ceiling measure that lacked additional provisions they sought. Rep.
Renee Ellmers of North Carolina said that she would vote against the clean
proposal and that GOP leaders might be forced to go back to their
original plan. Boehner ally Rep. Tom Cole of Oklahoma, an influential
House Republican, said he was undecided on how to vote on a clean
measure.
NC Rep. Ellmers: Obama Leaves US
"At Risk" by Easing Rules for
Asylum
Newsmax
President Barack Obama's decision to ease the rules for asylum
seekers and those who have given "limited support" to terrorist groups
leaves Americans "vulnerable" and "at risk," Rep. Renee Ellmers of
North Carolina says.
Jail cells
filled with broad range of mentally ill
inmates
Wilmington Star News
Since 2001, the number of inpatient
psychiatric beds in this state has decreased by 50 percent, from around 1,750
beds to approximately 850 beds, according to U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers,
R-N.C., who has signed on as a co-sponsor to the bill "Helping
Families in Mental Health Crisis Act." In a statement to the StarNews, she
said her legislation fixes the state's shortage of psychiatric beds in
the state by "making two narrowly tailored exceptions" to Medicaid
regulations for state hospital beds. Her office said the state currently
has 761 beds and needs 4,000
though not everyone agrees that
dramatically increasing the bed count is the solution.
Snapshot from
the District
My offices in Washington, Dunn and Asheboro were covered in
blankets of snow this week from the massive winter storm that hit much
of the East Coast.
Weekly Survey This most recent Obamacare delay -- of
the employer mandate -- is proof that the law is bad for businesses
and for hard-working Americans. Agree Disagree *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
On Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the "Like" button
on my Facebook page
today!
On Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation on Twitter.
On YouTube
Please subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you won't
miss great video from the Washington and the Second
District.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington,
DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax:
(910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336)
629-7819
Toll
Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 