
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
February 14, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Newsroom
|
Our District
|
Constituent Services
|
Visit DC
|
Contact
Tim
In This Week's Edition of
E-News...
Murphy Townhall
This
Wednesday: Congressional Forum on Drug Abuse at St. Vincent
Energy Dept. Undercuts Anti-Coal EPA At Murphy
Hearing
Congress Blocks Cuts To
Military Retiree Plans
Murphy Speaks at Carnegie
Vigil in Remembrance of Melissa
Bowers
Murphy
Townhall This Wednesday: Congressional Forum on Drug Abuse at St.
Vincent
The recent
death of acclaimed actor Philip Seymour Hoffman drew increased attention
to the growing epidemic of heroin and prescription pain medication
addiction.
To discuss current
efforts to tackle addiction in the region, Rep. Tim Murphy is hosting a
public forum
"Hidden Crisis: Examining Prescription Drug and
Heroin Addiction in Our Community"
on
Wednesday,
February 19th at 3:00 p.m. at the Fred Rogers Center on the campus of St.
Vincent College in Westmoreland
County .
The event will bring together treatment
professionals, clinicians, advocates, family members, and public officials for a
town hall-style conversation about the problems facing those who battle
drug addiction and discuss the best strategies to combat this hidden
crisis at the local, state, and federal
levels.
Nationwide, the Substance Abuse and Mental
Health Services Administration reports that heroin use has nearly
doubled between 2007 and 2012 as communities have sought to reduce overuse
of opiates like OvyCotin and Vicodin. The problem has been especially
acute in Southwestern Pennsylvania after a batch of heroin laced with
fentanyl took 22 lives in the region last
month.
Decades of research by the National Institute of
Drug Abuse has revealed drug addiction to be a disease attacking the
brain. It disrupts brain circuitry involved in memory and behavioral
control. Drug or substance abuse is also often associated with serious
mental illnesses like schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Persons with a
behavioral health disorder are twice as likely as the general
population to experience a substance use disorder, according to the National
Institute of Mental Health.
Drug abuse is a form of self-medication for many of the estimated 8.9
million persons with both a mental and substance use disorder. In
December, Rep. Murphy introduced the Helping Families in Mental Health
Crisis Act (H.R. 3717), to break down barriers to mental health treatment
for these individuals and their families. Congressman Murphy will also
discuss how this legislation fits into the continuum of care for those
battling substance abuse.
The public is welcome to attend Rep. Murphys forum
"Hidden
Crisis: Examining Prescription Drug and Heroin Addiction in Our
Community."
To RSVP, please
email
or call (724)
850-7312.
Energy Dept. Undercuts Anti-Coal EPA At Murphy
Hearing
The Administrations own
scientists told Chairman Tim Murphy the Environmental Protection
Agencys new clean coal mandate would raise electric bills by 70 to
80%.
The astonishing
admission was made by Dr. Julio Friedmann, the deputy assistant secretary for
clean coal, at a hearing Tuesday titled Department of Energy
Oversight: Status of Clean Coal Programs.
Over the past ten years, the federal government has allocated
$7.6 billion for clean coal programs, a small portion compared to the
$150 billion pumped into green energy schemes in just the last five
years alone according to a Brookings Institution study. The clean-coal
investments have made significant progress on using coal more
efficiently and deploying carbon capture and sequestration (CCS) technologies
to reduce air emissions.
Chairman
Murphy greets acting NETL Director Scott Klara.
Much of the clean coal research has been performed at the National
Energy Technology Laboratory (NETL) in South Park. NETL has been
responsible for perfecting scrubber technology that cut mercury and other
emissions by 75 percent even as coal usage tripled over the last 30
years.
However, while new
technologies have reduced emissions by double digits, the new CCS technology is
at least twenty years away from being fully deployed. When asked by
Chairman Murphy whether CCS technologies have ever been implemented full
scale at functioning power plants, Friedmann was unable to give a
straight answer, responding that it is a moving
definition.
Even though no baseload coal-fueled
power plant has ever deployed CCS technology, the EPA has mandated that
any new plant use it now. That inconsistency in the EPAs logic is the
subject of continued congressional scrutiny and
lawsuits.
Murphy said his subcommittee would
continue working to expose the EPA if it uses flawed science to advance a
political agenda to shut down coal.
Given the current regulatory landscape, strong oversight is
required to ensure EPA policies match the technological
realities.
To share your thoughts on clean
coal, please
click
here .
Congress Blocks
Cuts To Military Retiree Plans
This week the House of Representatives passed a measure (S.
25) protecting the cost-of-living adjustments (COLA) for military
retirees and their survivors. Rep. Tim Murphy, who voted in favor of the
bill, said the legislation defends the future of our soldiers,
sailors, airmen, and marines who risked their lives to defend our
nation.
The recently-enacted
Ryan-Murray budget blueprint incorporated a proposal contained in President
Obama's budget request to decrease a cost-of-living-adjustment (COLA)
provided to early military retirees beginning in
2016.
Based on a bill cosponsored by Rep. Murphy, the
measure adopted in the House blocks the Administration-backed pension
reduction and was easily approved by the Senate on Wednesday. It now
awaits the Presidents signature.
Recognizing that military pay has never been lucrative, we must
ensure that these men and women can provide for their families. Its
incumbent upon us as a nation to take care of those who have taken care
of us.
The COLA-repeal
legislation is fully paid for and also makes a down payment on eliminating
the so-called sustainable growth rate formula. The sustainable
growth rate formula was created by a 1997 law to restrict the growth in
Medicare spending. For the last decade, the formula has called for
automatic cuts to Medicare physician reimbursements. Congress has acted to
stop them from happening because of concerns that medical
professionals would stop accepting Medicare. As co-founder of the Doctors Caucus,
Rep. Murphy has worked with colleagues on a new bipartisan bill to
fully repeal the sustainable growth rate formula (SGR) and protect
seniors Medicare benefits.
To
share your thoughts on military retiree benefits or Medicare, please
click here .
Murphy Speaks at Carnegie Vigil
in Remembrance of Melissa
Bowers
A candlelit vigil this week marked two years since the
tragic death of Carnegie resident, who was killed during a domestic
dispute with her ex-boyfriend on January 8, 2012. Bowers, a mother of two
children, was beloved by her family, friends, and neighbors, all of
whom were shocked to learn of her
passing.
Rep. Tim Murphy was invited to speak at the memorial
service, which was featured on the
KDKA Evening
News .
It is important that
families in the community know that theres other people who care about
them, and are looking out for them, and will help speak up for them
because many times they feel like they are alone, said Rep.
Murphy.
Colleen Bowers, Melissas mother, is
honoring Melissas memory by speaking out against domestic violence
and trying to reach other victims before it is too
late.
Domestic abuse is a problem that is all too
common in communities throughout the United States. It is estimated
that 60% of Americans know a victim of domestic violence or sexual
assault, and females between the ages of 18 and 34 are the most likely
victims of abuse from a partner or spouse.
Unfortunately, many people do not recognize the signs of
domestic violence and can be afraid to step in when abuse is suspected.
According to the National Domestic Violence Hotline, some common
warning signs that a partner may be abusive include: showing jealousy of
the victims friends and time spent with family; complete control of
finances and refusing to give the victim money for expenses; verbally
shaming the victim in private and public settings; and controlling who
the victim sees and where he or she goes.
If you suspect that you or someone you know is in an
abusive relationship, please contact the
National Domestic
Violence Hotline
at 1-800-799-7233 or the
Womens Center &amp; Shelter of Greater Pittsburgh
at 412-687-8005 for
more information.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
OFFICE
LOCATIONS
Washington Office
2332 Rayburn House Office Bldg.
Washington,
DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2301
Fax:
(202) 225-1844
Pittsburgh Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA
15228
Phone: (412)
344-5583
Fax: (412) 429-5092
Greensburg Office
2040
Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 850-7312
Fax: (724) 850-7315
Click Here to
Email Congressman Tim Murphy
Update
My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway
mail end 