 Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
|
ABOUT KEVIN
|
8TH DISTRICT
|
NEWS
|
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
|
LEGISLATION
|
CONTACT ME
February 07, 2014
Congress Cant Ignore Promise to
Veterans
The recent law funding the federal government blocked another
devastating round of cuts to Americas national defense. It restored
critical funding lost to last years sequester that was proving harmful
to the readiness and training of Americas military men and women. I
supported it because it fully funded the military pay raise and added
over $300 million to help reduce the unconscionable backlog of Iraq
and Afghanistan veterans waiting for a VA decision.
Lawmakers
also finally recognized that Americas military retirement system is
in deep financial trouble.
For too long, Washington has
been making retirement promises to veterans it cant keep. Like Social
Security, this shortfall doesnt affect todays retired veterans, but
future ones. Without action, military retirement funding will eventually
fall $2.7 trillion short of its promises.
We cant let
that happen. Our veterans are the 1 percent of Americans who defend our
security and freedom.
Military leaders have pleaded with
lawmakers for decades to address the problem. Now its affecting todays
active military and reserve. Increasing personnel costs are taking up
a growing percentage of the military budget. Over time, this will
trigger major cuts to our military force, fewer state-of-the-art weapons
to wage war
or both.
Its a serious problem that Congress
has ignored for too long.
***
The new law proposes a first step to guarantee full
retirement for elderly and disabled veterans.
Those affected would
be younger, healthy veterans
many who retire in their 40s after 20
years of service and start their second career. Disabled vets arent
affected. Like the reforms enacted by President Reagan, younger veterans
will retain their full retirement benefits as promised with a
slightly smaller adjustment for inflation
1 percent. At age 62, their
retirement springs back to the pre-adjustment level and is fully protected
from inflation going forward.
The savings arent large
initially, but over time they grow to help stabilize the system. About 17
percent of veterans are affected
but make no mistake, for them this
adjustment has a real impact on their working-year benefits.
***
I would have done it
differently. First, by insisting civilian federal workers, including
Congress, accept retirement reforms to their pensions
as House
Republicans have approved. Secondly, Id have waited for the May 1 report by a
commission tasked with recommending smarter ways to compensate our
military men and women. Thankfully, the new law is delayed until 2015 to
give Congress the time to consider these.
Finally, I dont
like changing the rules mid-career. Imagine an 18-year career soldier
who gets this sprung on them just before retirement? Out of fairness,
retirement changes like this need to be phased in over time.
***
Lets find the right
solution. But where I wont compromise is on the need to act.
In
Washington, too many lawmakers
conservative and liberals
keep
denying the problem and ducking the issue. Their popularity is more
important than Americas national defense. Meanwhile, the problem only
grows worse for our veterans and our active
military.
Predictably, the proposed alternatives dont solve the long-term problem. They
just kick the can down the road so that some other Congress has to
make the tough political decisions. But delaying will only make the
cuts deeper for future veterans and active military.
For all
the courage our men and women in uniform have displayed defending our
freedoms, members of Congress should show some courage by facing up to
the problem, then taking the right steps to keep Americas promises to
our veterans.
Congressman Kevin Brady is the chairman of
the Joint Economic Committee and the House Ways &amp; Means Health
Subcommittee. Call his Conroe office at 936-441-5700.
Ways &amp; Means repeals key ObamaCare
provisions
Tuesday, the U.S. House Ways &amp; Means
Committee moved forward with a bill to restore the 40 hour work week as
the American definition of full-time.
We need to preserve
the 40-hour workweek in America and end the Affordable Care Acts war
on workers, said U.S. Congressman Kevin Brady who leads the Health
Subcommittee. The Presidents health care law changes the American
work week in a way that hurts the income of workers and discourages new
hiring by local businesses. It is destroying jobs and opportunities and
is especially hard on less skilled workers.
Tuesday, the
full House Ways &amp; Means Committee approved two bills, the Save
American Workers Act and the Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and
Emergency Responders Act.
On the second measure that exempts
police, volunteer fire and EMS workers from being counted toward the ACA
mandates, Brady commented volunteer and part-time community
firefighters want to protect our families, not be legislated out of the public
service jobs they love.
As businesses call for an end to
the 30-hour rule, labeling it a major obstacle to job creation, the
Congressional Budget Office announced today that they expect over 2
million jobs to be lost to ObamaCare.
Sadly, the job loss
predicted from this terrible law will hit low wage workers the hardest,
added Brady. Washington should be removing obstacles to success, instead
of creating legislation and red tape that kills jobs and convinces
Americans to give up trying to work.
Monday Morning
Memo
OFFICE LOCATIONS: U.S. Capitol Office
301 Cannon Bldg
| Washington, DC 20515 | Phone: (202)225-4901 | Fax:
(202)225-5524
Huntsville District
Office
1300 11th Street, Suite 400
Huntsville, Texas
77340
Phone: (936) 439-9532
Fax: (936) 439-9546
Conroe District Office
200 River Pointe, Ste
304
Conroe, TX 77304
Phone: (936)441-5700
Fax: (936)441-5757
Toll
Free:1(877)441-5700
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
