DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Health Insurers Downgraded Because of Obamacare
The credit rating agency Moodys this week downgraded the economic outlook for health insurers based on the uncertainty of Obamacare implementation. Moodys based their analysis on two major factors. First, regulations are constantly shifting as the administration makes decisions for political reasons. This includes the last minute decision to let states renew insurance policies for plans cancelled under Obamacare. Second, far fewer young healthy individuals are signing up for new policies. This could force insurers to dramatically raise rates next year to make Obamacare plans sustainable. This is just more non-partisan confirmation that the health law is not the reform we need.
Keystone XL Southern Leg Opens, Final Approval in Limbo
The southern leg of the Keystone XL pipeline to Canada has been completed. Meanwhile, the northern leg, which crosses the border, is still in bureaucratic limbo. After a process lasting five years and spanning 15,000 pages of documents, the President will still not sign off on the project. The project has bipartisan support with a number of prominent Senate Democrats having indicated that they could join Republicans on legislative approving the project if these delays continue. Its past
time that a project that could create thousands of jobs is finally allowed to move forward.
State of the Union Address Next Week
Next week, the President will deliver his annual State of the Union address before a joint session of Congress. Unfortunately, I think we can expect more of the same proposals we got the past four years: a wishlist of spending programs and new policies that have little chance of getting through Congress. The President also made it clear recently that he is going to continue to try to go around Congress with executive orders and administrative decrees. In the last year, the House passed dozens of bills that would help create jobs with bipartisan support. These bills are being blocked by Harry Reid in the Senate. There is so little that we agree on, so when we can get bipartisan support for something we really need to move forward.
House Will Vote to Stop All Federal Funding of Abortion
Next week, the House will consider H.R. 7, a bill to end all forms of government funding for abortion. The No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act, which I am cosponsoring, will put annual funding restrictions on abortion into permanent law, will end Obamacare subsidies for plans that cover abortion, and will require that health plans on government exchanges clearly indicate whether a plan includes or excludes abortion coverage. A majority of Americans, even many who support legal abortion, agree that the government shouldnt be funding the procedure.
Op-ed of the Week: Bigger Isnt Better
Gallups recent Mood of the Nation poll found that 66 percent of Americans are dissatisfied with the size and power of the federal government. Thats up ten points since President Obama took office.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
With Obamacare, the Definition of Success Keeps Changing
Rep. Pitts talks about how the administration keeps changing the definition of success when it comes to Obamacare exchange enrollment.
Obamacare Needs to be More Transparent
Rep. Pitts opens up debate on legislation to make Obamacare website data more transparent.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here