DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
January 17, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Greetings from the 19th
Dear Friend,
This week, the House of Representatives passed a major piece of legislation, making appropriations for all federal agencies and programs, with my support.
Negotiated by the House and Senate following Decembers bipartisan Murray-Ryan Budget agreement, the bill passed the House 359-67.
Importantly, the bill builds on the bipartisan progress we made last month, eliminating the threat of a government shutdown and ensuring that government spending is reviewed and adjusted by Congress as designed.
I also worked with the Appropriations Committee to make certain provisions important to New Yorks 19th Congressional District received funding.
I am committed to advancing policies that grow our economy and put us on a path to a balanced budget.
By working together to make our government function, we now have a federal funding bill that not only includes a number of provisions important to you, but also continues our effort to restore fiscal responsibility.
Notably, because of the partial replacement of the sequester, we were able to restore critical funding for our domestic priorities and our nations military.
But, overall, this legislation continues the downward trajectory of federal spending to help put our nation on sustainable path forward.
For New York, there are a number of important provisions I worked to fund (find the full list below).
This includes increasing money for Lyme Disease, a public health scourge in our area effecting a countless number of our constituents.
We also increase funding for Head Start
back to pre-sequestration levels
and rural broadband development, two initiatives I have championed.
And, given the firsthand experience we have with the necessity of disaster funding, this bill ensures our assistance accounts have the funds necessary to respond to unanticipated weather events.
I am encouraged by the recent progress we have made
clear proof that by working together, with good faith negotiations, we can begin to tackle our long-term challenges and enact policies that will move our country forward.
We can solve the problems before us, and I will continue to work with my colleagues
particularly those in the problem solver group No Labels
to do just that.
Last night, I returned to New York and am looking forward to the next nine days traveling the district.
Tomorrow, Ill be in Oneonta to discuss concerns with Common Core and then on Sunday Im going to a breakfast in Ames, a 100th birthday celebration for a veteran sponsored by the Kingston American Legion, and then an event on Lyme Disease at the Kinderhook Library.
Monday, Im attending a luncheon in Middleburgh sponsored by SALT to mark Martin Luther King Day and events later in the week include the Tri-Town Boys &amp; Girls Club Senior Program opening in Sidney, a foreclosure prevention event in Ellenville, the announcement of seniors legislation in Kingston, and the Delaware County Legislative Breakfast.
Ill also be meeting with constituents each day to hear ideas and concerns directly.
If youd like to schedule a meeting, you can contact my office at 202-225-5614.
Provisions important to NY-19 in the Federal Appropriations Bill:
Early Education: The bill includes $8.6 billion for Head Start, which amounts to a full restoration of Head Start funding for the 57,000 seats lost due to sequestration and a $500 million boost in funding for Early Head Start.
The bill also includes $250 million for grants to states to help develop/ enhance/ expand high-quality pre-K programs for students from low- and moderate-income families and $2.3 billion for Child Care and Development Block Grants (CCDBG), which is $94 million above FY13 post-sequester funding.
Rural Broadband: The bill includes $4.5 million for USDAs RUS Broadband Loan Program, which amounts to about a $47 million loan level.
This is an increase over FY13 levels.
LIHEAP: The bill increases funding for LIHEAP, which assists low income families with heating and cooling costs.
Job Corps: The bill increases funding for Job Corps which provides disadvantaged youth with the skills needed to obtain and hold a job, enter the Armed Forces, or enroll in advanced training or higher education.
Community Development Block Grants: The bill increases funding for Community Development Block Grants (CDBG), which are used to provide resources to address a wide range of unique community development needs.
National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH): The bill provides increased funding for farm safety initiatives at NIOSH, including for a center run by Bassett in Otsego County.
Fighting Lyme Disease: The bill contains $9 million in dedicated funding to combat Lyme disease and language to encourage The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to develop better diagnostic tests and a national reporting system to improve surveillance.
Agriculture: The bill includes critical funding for programs that support local agriculture, rural economic development and conservation.
Renewable Energy: The bill increases funding for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy account from 1.731.4B FY13 to 1.912.1B FY13. Prohibits funding for enforcing the Administrations energy efficiency standards that effectively ban the common incandescent light bulb.
Military pension: The bill includes a provision fixing the RyanMurray agreement to ensure that approximately 63,000 medically retired personnel and survivors receive their full yearly costofliving increase.
Taking care of our troops - The bill fully funds troop pay including a 1% increase.
Infrastructure:
The bill fully funds federal highway programs.
Violence Against Women Act Programs: Funding for these programs increased from $407.9M to $417M.
School Safety: The bill includes $75M for a new Comprehensive School Safety Initiative, to be carried out by the National Institute of Justice after submitting an implementation plan to Congress within 90 days.
This initiative will include research and recommendations as well as pilot programs to be carried out in schools across the country to decrease violence.
National Security Administration: The bill prohibits the use of funds by the NSA to target a U.S. citizen or acquire and store the content of a U.S. person's communications, including phone calls and e-mails.
Disaster Assistance: The bill provides full funding of $6.2B for FEMA disaster relief, with an additional $2.5B for first responder grants (increase of $39M).
Flood Insurance: The bill includes a House amendment that delays certain premium increases in the National Flood Insurance Program.
Electronic Health Records: Building on the initiative Congressman Gibson and No Labels worked to include in the National Defense Authorization, this bill ensures that the Department of Defense and Department of Veterans Affairs are developing electronic health records that seamlessly transfer medical information between the two departments, providing $323M for these activities.
Hudson Valley Heritage Area: The bill includes an authorization through FY2015 and $500,000 in funding.
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
Daily Star:
Teachers foot bill as write-off dies
Register Star :
Cost-efficient conservation has another chance
WAMC :
Congressional Corner
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
My Committees
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1708 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5614
F (202) 225-1168
Click Here Click Here