
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
November 24, 2013
Dear David,
On Monday , I held a telephone townhall meeting to
hear directly from you, and I appreciated discussing a wide variety
of issues and concerns. Over 6,000 of you joined the conversation, and
of course I received quite a bit of feedback on the rollout of the
President's new health care law.
In particular, there is
frustration and anger from people who have had their health insurance cancelled
or seen a double digit rise in their health insurance costs -- 140,000
Minnesotans have received cancellation notices despite the
President's promise that you can keep your healthcare plan if you like
it.
If you like your healthcare plan, you ought to be able to keep
it. And no one should be forced to buy health insurance that isnt
right for them or their familys needs.
I will continue to work with
all those who are willing to sit down at the table to have a
responsible solution to our healthcare challenges.
I also asked the
participants on the town meeting call their views, and here are the
results from the question "Should you be able to keep your healthcare
insurance plan if you want to?" 81% said yes, 12% no, and 7% were
undecided.
As always, please feel free to contact me if I can
assist you or your family in any way. Also, please join the conversation
online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook page ,
Twitter , and don't forget to watch my weekly
video,
Erik's Correspondence
Corner .
Erik Paulsen
Member of
Congress
Our
Daughters Are Not for Sale
This week, I joined
Google and the Human Rights Project for Girls to bring attention to the
bipartisan Our Daughters Are Not for Sale Resolution and the fight
against domestic sex trafficking. I'm leading an effort for action on
this issue, because every month in Minnesota hundreds of teenage girls
are being lured into human trafficking and prostitution.
We
owe it to these young women to treat them as victims, not as criminals,
and to ensure that traffickers and buyers are prosecuted. By acting
early we can protect vulnerable youth so they can live safe, happy, and
successful lives.
In July, I introduced the "Child Sex
Trafficking Data and Response Act" to improve data systems that track
missing children as well as provide proper designation to ensure victims
receive the care and help they need. I testified on my legislation
recently and some of our Minnesota news organizations have highlighted
the issue.
Listen
to the
MPR story or read the Star Tribune article
here .
We must do what we can to combat this
tragic trend in our own backyard.
Promoting
American Energy Security
This week, the House passed a series
of bills with bipartisan support to help make America energy
independent. We addressed energy production from finding the resources,
capturing the energy, and finally transporting it. The first bill protects
and expands onshore energy production by streamlining government red
tape and regulations. The second ensures the EPA won't impose
duplicative federal regulations on hydraulic fracturing. And the third
modernizes the pipeline review process by establishing timelines for the review
of natural gas pipeline applications. All of these bills passed with
bipartisan support, help reduce our dependence on foreign oil, and
make the U.S. more energy independent.
Paulsen
Pics
Rep.
Paulsen joins
Google
and the
Human Rights
Project for Girls
in bringing attention to the fight
against domestic sex
trafficking.
Rep. Paulsen speaks with WWII Navy Pilot Cliff
Roberts during the V eterans
D ay
celebration at Minnetonka High
School.
Paulsen receives the National Parks Conservation
Associa tion's Friends of the National
Parks Award recently for his work to protect and enhance America's
national park system for present and future
generations.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
