
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
December 27, 2013 |
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
Thune Update on Five-Year Farm Bill
Last summer, the
Senate and the House each passed its version of the Farm Bill. Before
enacting the bill into law, the House and Senate Farm Bills must first
be combined into one bill by a conference committee consisting of both
Senate and House Members. That final Farm Bill will then need to be
voted on by the House and Senate and, if passed by both, will be sent to
the president to be signed into
law.
The Farm Bill conference committee began its work with a
public meeting on October 30, 2013. Although the conference committee
attempted to finish its work before the end of the year, it was not able
to do so before the House adjourned. Senator Thune believes the
conferees are very close to reaching a final agreement on all parts of the
Farm Bill.
Senator Thune
understands the importance of finishing work on this legislation and
getting a final five-year Farm Bill signed into law. The Farm Bill will
provide stability for farmers and ranchers in South Dakota and around
the country, and will provide much-needed disaster assistance for the
ranchers who lost livestock due to winter storm Atlas in early
October.
Although not a member of
the Farm Bill conference committee, Senator Thune will continue
working with his colleagues to ensure passage of a defensible five-year Farm
Bill.
South Dakota Delegation Demands Answers, Action for
Hot Springs VA
On December 13, 2013, the South Dakota
delegation sent a letter to Secretary of Veterans Affairs (VA) Eric
Shinseki calling for the VA to restore the Hot Springs campus of the
Black Hills Health Care System (BHHCS) to its former levels of operation
and withdraw its plan to reconfigure the BHHCS. The administrations
proposal, which was first released two years ago on December 12, 2011,
would drastically reduce the services available to veterans in Hot
Springs and most notably close the historic domiciliary that houses a
Residential Rehabilitation and Treatment
Program.
The VAs proposal was originally introduced without a
cost-benefit analysis to support the changes it seeks to make which
immediately drew criticism from the delegation and community stakeholders.
Many of the VAs cost evaluations and veteran population projections
that were finally released in June of 2012 continue to be the subject
of critical discussion, and the lack of answers from the VA remains a
point of contention.
In the
meantime, Senator Thune believes the VA has taken steps to make the Hot
Springs campus less viable for veteran care. Most recently, a Compensated
Work Therapy program that was approved for Hot Springs was instead
relocated to Walla Walla, Washington. The delegation letter requests an
explanation for this decision and also asks that VA grant full
consideration of alternative proposals to create community partnerships with
the VA. See a full copy of the delegations letter
here .
Thune Amendments Protect Rural
Health Care
VIDEO : Senator Thune offers a
teleheath amendment at the Senate Finance Committee's markup of the SGR
Repeal and Medicare Beneficiary Access Improvement
Act.
Earlier this month, Senator Thune
participated in a markup of the Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) Repeal and
Medicare Beneficiary Access Improvement Act in the Senate Finance
Committee, which has jurisdiction over Medicare, Medicaid, tax, and
international trade policy. The SGR, which is a formula used in the Medicare
program, has inherent flaws that have resulted in proposed cuts to
physician reimbursement. However, due to concerns that beneficiary access
to quality care may be limited if physician reimbursement is cut,
Congress has acted to override the proposed update 15 times since
2003.
The legislation passed by the
Senate Finance Committee would repeal the SGR, and prevent the
Medicare physician payment cuts scheduled for next year. The legislation
would phase in two new reimbursement formulas that would reimburse
physicians based on the quality of care provided rather than reimbursing for
quantity of care. Under both payment models, physicians may qualify
for bonus payments for high performance.
During the markup of the SGR Repeal and Medicare
Beneficiary Access Improvement Act, Senator Thune was able to secure the
inclusion of amendments to protect access to rural therapy services,
prevent barriers to telehealth technology, allow seniors to remain in their
homes longer through the use of remote patient monitoring, and ensure
rural practices have access to technical assistance in the new
reimbursement formulas. While Senator Thune is pleased to have had some of
his amendments included, he remains concerned about how rural providers
will fare under the new reimbursement model and about how to pay for
this new legislation. The Senator looks forward to working with his
colleagues to ensure that the next step in this process is to identify
ways to pay for this legislation that is expected to cost approximately
$150 billion over the next 10
years.
Thune Introduces
Digital Trade Legislation
Earlier this month, Senator
Thune and Senator Wyden (D-Ore.) introduced the Digital Trade Act of
2013. This legislation protects the Internet from restrictive measures
that obstruct the free flow of data in the global economy by establishing
U.S. negotiating principles regarding digital trade matters in
international
agreements.
According to reports by the U.S. International Trade Commission, exports of
digitally enabled services were $356 billion in 2011, up from $282
billion four years ago. The rapid increase in these American exports is
helping our economy grow faster and enabling American businesses to
compete more effectively in global markets. However, this growth is
threatened by the push for protectionist policies in some foreign countries.
The principles outlined
in the Digital Trade Act of 2013 would instruct the U.S. government
when negotiating international agreements, such as trade agreements
to pursue commitments that prevent or eliminate restrictions on the
ability of digital information to travel across national borders over the
internet and ensure that provisions affecting Internet sites are
consistent with U.S. law.
The
priorities set forth by Senators Thune and Wyden ensure that our nations
trade policies are updated to make America more competitive in the global
economy. The Internet has revolutionized how the world interacts and
conducts its business and the Digital Trade Act provides guidance to
the president and future administrations on how to address these issues
in future international agreements. By providing a core set of
principles from which to negotiate, Congress can ensure that the digital
economy continues to grow and
flourish.
Thune Recognizes
Fall Interns for Hard Work
Senator Thune with D.C. Fall interns
Kyle Bernard, David Schoembs, Isaac Harrington, Brandon Fusaro, and
Isaiah Wonnenberg.
This month,
Senator Thune had the privilege of honoring his fall interns for their
hard work and commitment to South Dakota by recognizing them in the
Congressional Record, which is the official published record of the
proceedings of the United States Congress.
Brandon Fusaro ,
Isaac Harrington , and
Isaiah Wonnenberg
served fall
semester internships in his D.C. office. Senator Thune thanked them for
their enthusiasm for helping to serve the people of South
Dakota.
The Senate internship program provides a
great way for students to learn about the legislative process and get
hands-on experience in the daily functions of a Senate office. The
program provides a valuable and unforgettable experience. For more
information regarding an internship in one of Senator Thune's offices,
please visit the Senator's website at
http://thune.senate.gov .
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.* Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Read Senator Thune's Weekly Columns for
December
12/20 |
Prioritizing Development of the Next Generation
Bomber
12/13 |
'Tis the Season of
Giving
12/6 |
Simplifying Taxes for Our Mobile
Workforce
Senator Thune thanks members of the South Dakota National Guard's 1742nd
Transportation Company at their activation ceremony on December
14th.
Senator Thune chats with
attendees at the Governor's Pheasant Habitat Summit in Huron.
Senator Thune takes a photo with Ed
Bloom, Kurt Hanson, Valerie Fox, and Reid Christopherson of the
military academy board in between student interviews.
VIDEO : Senator Thune takes to the Senate floor to discuss the
effect of ObamaCare sticker shock on middle-class
families.
Washington Office
Senator John Thune |
511 Dirksen Senate Office Building |
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
(202) 224-2321 |
Fax: (202) 228-5429
|
Toll-Free: 1-866-850-3855
Sioux Falls
320 North
Main Avenue,
Suite B
Sioux Falls, SD 57104
Phone: (605) 334-9596
Rapid City
1313 West Main Street
Rapid City, SD 57701
Phone: (605) 348-7551
Aberdeen
320 South 1st Street,
Suite 101
Aberdeen, SD 57401
Phone: (605) 225-8823
Click Here to Reply or to
Contact Senator John Thune
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
