
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Here's how the Affordable Care Act is helping Coloradans:
&bull; More than 2.2 million individuals with pre-existing conditions such as asthma, cancer, or diabetes &ndash; including up to 291,000 children &ndash;no longer have to worry about being denied coverage or charged higher prices because of their health status or history.
&bull; Nearly 700,000 uninsured Coloradans have new health insurance options.
&bull; As a result of new policies that make sure premium dollars work for the consumer, not just the insurer, in the past year insurance companies sent rebates averaging $134 per family to approximately 150,500 consumers.
&bull; In the first ten months of 2013, 33,700 seniors and people with disabilities saved on average $831 on prescription medications as the health care law closes Medicare&rsquo;s so-called &ldquo;donut hole.&rdquo;
&bull; More than 1.2 million individuals with private insurance gained coverage for at least one free preventive health care service such as a mammogram, birth control, or an immunization in 2011 and 2012.
December 19, 2013
Health insurance enrollment deadline approaching!
Reminder - if you still need health insurance,
you must enroll in a plan by Monday, December 23, to have coverage begin on January 1, 2014 . More than 137,000 Coloradans are using
Connect for Health Colorado
to find new, affordable coverage.
Benefits start on January 1, 2014 for those who enroll by December 23. For more information on how to signup,
click here .
Happy Holidays!
Ed meets with Red Cross officials at the Disaster Assistance Center in Adams County during the September floods.
As 2013 winds to a close, I am excited about the progress Colorado and our nation have made over the last 12 months. Construction is up and unemployment is shrinking. Our economy continues to improve, giving more families, small businesses and individuals the opportunity to achieve their American Dream.
This year saw a new chapter in space exploration unfold when NASA launched an Atlas V Rocket, designed here in Jefferson County, Colorado, carrying the MAVEN space probe. MAVEN will enter Mars' orbit in September 2014 where it will use instruments developed by the University of Colorado to study the Martian atmosphere. I'm proud of Colorado's role in the aerospace and high-tech fields.
MAVEN, a space probe headed to Mars, was launched into space on November 18 of this year.
We also showed the world our resilience and what it means to work together to respond to natural disaster and tragedy. The wild fires and floods we experienced reaffirm why we need emergency preparedness and disaster mitigation strategies. I continue to pray for Claire Davis and all students, parents and faculty impacted by the tragic shooting at Arapahoe High School.
I am optimistic about the new year, and I am confident 2014 holds many great opportunities for the 7th Congressional District, Colorado and our nation. I have faith standing with the hardworking people here in Colorado that we can work together and keep each other strong for the good of our communities. Have a safe and joyful holiday season!
Safety Tips for the Holiday Season
Speaking of staying safe, check out these useful guides and fact sheets on how to avoid danger for all of your festive activities:
Click here
for tips from USA.gov on how safely prepare and handle food.
Check out
Christmas Tree fire safety tips
from FEMA.
This page from the CDC
shares tips on how to avoid illnesses during the holidays.
Recognizing a Hero: Arthur Fouret
In 2009, Judy, a Lakewood resident, sent a request to the National Personnel Records Center (NPRC), asking for any type of records or awards for her father's service in WWII. Her father, Arthur Fouret, was a Captain in the United States Army and was fighting in the Pacific when he was captured in the Philippines.
While still a POW, Capt Fouret was aboard a ship heading for Japan when the ship was hit by torpedoes and sunk (presumably by the U.S. military). He was declared killed in action on January 31, 1945. His experiences were chronicled in the "Bataan Death March," and he was mentioned in the book
Some Survived, an eyewitness account of the Bataan Death March and the men who lived through it , Algonquin Books, 2004, by Manny Lawton.
Despite these accounts and recognition, Captain Fouret's daughter never received the records and awards for her father's service, and she hit a dead end with the NPRC. My office got in touch with the right people at the Records Center, and last month we held a ceremony posthumously awarding Arthur Fouret the Silver Star, Bronze Star, Purple Heart, Prisoner of War, Asiatic-Pacific Campaign and WWII Victory medals. These are some of the highest and most prestigious honors awarded by the military.
His daughter, Judy, accepted the awards on his behalf.
"My family and I thank you so much for the beautiful presentation of my father's service medals last Friday. It was moving and personal for each of us and informative, too. Your interest and effort through the whole process of obtaining the medals is much appreciated, and you gave us an afternoon we will all remember. Thank you!"
- Judy
My office is here to help the hard working people of the 7th Congressional District cut through some of the red tape when dealing with a government agency. If you are having an issue with a federal agency, please call my office. My staff and I will always do our best to help. I'm proud I was able to help Judy get recognition for her father's service to our country.
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
