
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
December 08, 2013
Friends,
For decades, North
Carolinas 8 th
District thrived as the heart of the textile
industry, bringing economic prosperity and reliable jobs to our
communities.
As evidenced by the closed textile mills and abandoned plants,
the textile industry has been diminished by bad trade negotiations and
lax enforcement of our trade laws.
As your
Representative, I am deeply invested in ways to ensure that our textile industry
and businesses here at home can recover and remain competitive at home
and abroad. With nearly 500,000 American jobs dependent on our domestic
trade and apparel industry, it is necessary that we uphold U.S. trade
policy and our trade agreements and obligations.As you know, my top
priority is getting folks back to work and bringing jobs home. While
the recent national unemployment report is promising, it is not enough.
We must do all that we can to ensure an economic friendly
environment that allows our businesses to prosper, grow, and create more
reliable jobs.
Just recently, I was proud to
introduce the
Textile Enforcement and Security Act of 2013
(H.R. 3558) with Representative Tom Graves (R-GA) and 23 of our House
colleagues. This bipartisan bill will provide the Department of Homeland
Security and Department of Justice with the tools necessary to enforce
customs and trade laws relating to textile and apparels, strengthening
America's textile industry and protecting American
workers.
The livelihood of the textile industry relies heavily on the
ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) to target and
eliminate illegal activity, including fraudulent textile and apparel goods
moving across our borders. Fraud has become increasingly prevalent in
the textile and apparel industry, largely in the CAFTA and NAFTA
regions. With lax enforcement of our trade laws, trade violators like China
are able to sneak illegal goods into the United States, flooding our
markets with counterfeit goods and harming our consumers and
businesses.
We need to modernize CBP and equip them with the
training and resources required to stop illegal activity and collect more
duties and penalties. While we live in a complex 21 st
century economy that demands global trade,
we must ensure that we
are enforcing our laws already on the books to facilitate fair, legal
trade without undue stress from trade
violators.
CBP is already the second largest revenue generator for the federal
government. By investing training and authority in it, we will allow
CBP to generate more revenue through fines and penalties on known trade
violators. The revenue from these fines and penalties collected will
be used to pay for expenses directly related to customs enforcement and
training. This commonsense bill will give CBP and other stakeholders
the necessary resources, tools and authority to strongly enforce our
trade laws and find those bad actors who circumvent U.S. trade policy.
It will protect our U.S. manufacturers and guarantee that they can
compete in the global marketplace.
Specifically, this bill
will:
Increase the number of CBP specialists in the
Textile and Trade Agreements Division and at over a dozen U.S.
ports.
Clarify that CBP has the authority to seize fraudulent
textile and apparel goods imported under Trade Preference Area and Free
Trade Agreement rules.
Establish centralized databases so
CBP can more effectively and efficiently identify high risk importers
and supply chains.
Establish an Electronic Verification
Program to track yarn and fabric inputs in free trade
agreements.
Require the U.S. Government to publish names of companies
that intentionally violate the rules of textile and apparel trade
agreements.
I am proud to introduce with my
House colleagues this bipartisan, bicameral bill that will provide
much-needed protections for our textile industry.
I will continue to
fight to protect vital North Carolina businesses and keep American
textiles prosperous and successful for years to
come.
Until next week,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
I'm Excited to
Announce...
This past week,
my
Transportation Security Acquisition Reform
Act
passed the House by a vote of
416-0!
As Chairman of the Transportation Security Subcommittee, my goal is
to hold TSA accountable while ensuring the safety of the American
people and responsible stewardship of our tax dollars. The
Transportation Security Acquisition Reform Act
introduces greater
transparency and accountability for TSA spending decisions through a series of
commonsense reforms.
Learn more about it here .
Concord Office
325
McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC
28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015
Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 