
If you are having trouble viewing this E-newsletter,
click here . To unsubscribe from these mailings,
click here .
December 19, 2013
To instantly unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here .
Dear Friends,
First, let me wish you and your loved ones a happy holiday and healthy New Year!
I am writing to highlight some things in Congress and our community that I hope you will find helpful.
1.
Affordable Healthcare Enrollment Continues
2.
Access Health CT storefront Grand Opening
3.
Working Families
4.
Middle Class Families and the Unemployed
5.
Safety of Metro-North Commuters
6.
Victims of Sexual Assault in the Military
7.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Affordable Healthcare Enrollment Continues
Open enrollment in the new health insurance marketplaces began on October 1, 2013, with coverage taking effect on January 1, 2014 if you sign up by December 15.
Connecticut&rsquo;s marketplace,
Access Health CT , is designed to meet all the health insurance needs of individuals and small businesses. It&rsquo;s the one place where you&rsquo;ll be able to:
Save on your premiums if you qualify for federal discounts;
Find out if you qualify for Medicaid or other CT health insurance programs;
Compare health insurance plans, which must all meet State and Federal requirements for quality and benefit levels; and
Enroll in a plan knowing you can&rsquo;t be denied because of a health condition.
For a list of available plans, please visit
www.accesshealthct.com
or call 855-805-4325.
Access Health CT Storefront Grand Opening
The New Haven Access Health CT enrollment center officially opened on December 6, 2013. If you want advice in choosing the best health insurance package for you, please stop into the Access Health CT enrollment center on 55 Church Street in New Haven, CT 06510.
Enrollment numbers are taking off in Connecticut and across the nation. The Affordable Care Act will help save lives, reduce health care costs, and help families attain the quality of life they deserve. Senator Chris Murphy and I spoke to people who were signing up for coverage and discussed how the rollout in Connecticut is progressing.
Working Families
Congresswoman DeLauro joins U.S. Senator Kristen Gillibrand to introduce legislation that would establish a national paid family and medical leave insurance program.
Along with Senator Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY), I introduced new legislation that would create paid family and medical leave. The
Family and Medical Insurance Leave
(FAMILY)
Act
would establish a national paid family and medical leave insurance program, ensuring that American workers would no longer have to choose between a paycheck and caring for themselves or a family member.
Current Family and Medical Leave law provides unpaid, job-protected leave for serious health related events, but only about half of the workforce qualifies for this unpaid leave, and many more simply cannot afford to take it because it is unpaid.
The
FAMILY Act
would create an independent trust fund within the Social Security Administration to collect fees and provide benefits. This trust would be funded by employee and employer contributions of 0.2 percent of wages each, creating a self-sufficient program that would not add to the federal budget.
Leave would be available to every individual regardless of the size of their current employer and regardless of whether such individual is currently employed, self-employed or unemployed, as long as the person has sufficient earnings and work history.
It is time to make national paid family and medical leave a reality in America.
Middle Class Families and the Unemployed
My vote against the budget bill before the House of Representatives was made after careful deliberation and input from you, my constituents. The New York Times described the deal as &lsquo;The Minimalist Budget Deal.&rsquo; It eases the indiscriminate, deeply harmful budget cuts, but only for two years. They should be gone permanently. Funding for what should be our top priorities&mdash;education, health, child care, job training and infrastructure&mdash;has steadily eroded. The budget bill locks in our lack of commitment to growing our economy, creating jobs, restoring social mobility, and closing tax loopholes on wealthy corporations and individuals.
Most troubling is this bill&rsquo;s failure to extend unemployment insurance for the millions of long-term unemployed, during the Christmas season. Federal unemployment insurance will expire on December 28, throwing 26,000 in Connecticut into a
desperate state . It is unconscionable not to address this key issue and we must continue to fight to make sure emergency federal unemployment insurance is extended.
Safety of Metro-North Commuters
Representatives from Connecticut and New York met with U.S. Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx and other senior Department of Transportation (DOT) officials to push for stronger federal oversight of Metro-North and discuss measures to improve safety following several incidents along Metro-North in the past six months.
As a group, we expressed our continued concerns about Metro-North&rsquo;s safety record and the strength of federal oversight of railroad, and strongly urged Secretary Foxx and Federal Railroad Administrator Joseph Szabo to take immediate steps to enact new safety measures to guard against future accidents like those experienced near Spuyten Duyvil and Bridgeport, Connecticut.
Following the meeting, Secretary Foxx announced that DOT will be initiating a 60 day comprehensive safety assessment of the Metro-North Commuter Railroad, called &ldquo;Operation Deep Dive.&rdquo; Congress must continue to work to restore the nation&rsquo;s confidence in our public rail system and work with DOT to implement critical safety requirements before any more lives are lost.
Victims of Sexual Assault in the Military
This month, I led a group of 49 members of the House of Representatives urging the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to improve its training, oversight, transparency and record keeping when dealing with military sexual trauma (MST)-related Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) compensation claims. A
recent report
by American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), Service Women&rsquo;s Action Network (SWAN), and Yale Law School found that the VA discriminates against thousands of MST-related PTSD survivors annually. The VA recently released data from this year that suggests some improvement, but unjust gaps still exist.
Sexual assault and harassment are serious problems in the United States Armed Forces that threaten the strength, readiness, and morale of the military, undermine national security, and have devastating personal effects on survivors and their families. The records that the United States Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) withheld for years, clearly shows that veterans who survive in-service sexual trauma also face discrimination when seeking compensation. The report&rsquo;s findings are unacceptable. Congress and the VA must work together to end this practice and right this wrong.
The letter can be read in its entirety
here .
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Congresswoman DeLauro meets with several CT residents who are facing the loss of emergency unemployment compensation to discuss the importance of the program during the ongoing economic recovery.
Budget and Unemployment Insurance Roundtable
It was a pleasure to meet with constituents at the Middletown town hall for a discussion about the Budget and Unemployment Insurance. Our back and forth conversation focused on what the latest budget deal would mean for families in Connecticut and across the nation. Additionally, the town hall focused on the urgent need to extend Emergency Federal Unemployment Insurance.
Federal emergency unemployment compensation benefits are set to expire on December 28. About 26,000 people in Connecticut--and 1.3 million nationally--will lose benefits on that day. Another 1.9 million across the nation will suffer the same fate by June 2014, about
28,700 of them in Connecticut . By the end of 2014,
85,100 people in Connecticut will have lost benefits . Failure to extend unemployment insurance would mean that families will lose the critical income necessary to successfully pursue employment opportunities, which would negatively impact our recovering economy.
Keeping in Touch
Follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
YouTube
to find out more about what is happening in Congress and at home in Connecticut.
Sincerely,
Rosa DeLauro
Bill Search
|
Constituent Services
Washington, DC
2413 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3661
District Office
59 Elm St.
New Haven, CT, 06510
Phone: (203) 562-3718
Click Here
to be removed from this list
