DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
The Case for Regulatory Reform
This week, we remembered the anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor, December 7, 1941. As President Roosevelt characterized it, December 7 would became 'A Date Which Will Live in Infamy' - a day for reflection and to thank our current servicemen who continue to protect our way of life abroad.
I am continuing to work together with local leaders to find ways to improve access to quality healthcare in the Delta region. This week, the Delta Regional Authority (DRA)
announced
a new grant for the region - great news as we work to train new nurses and doctors to enter this field.
Earlier this week, the news
broke
that the Arkansas State RedWolves are headed to the GoDaddy Bowl in Mobile, Alabama for the third year in a row! As an A-State alumni, I'm looking forward to a great game.
More
problems
are emerging with the ObamaCare rollout - not least that for those who have selected a plan on the federal exchange, they may not have actually been enrolled.
The Huffington Post put together an
article
on the most unhealthy fish you can eat. At the top of the list is imported catfish, which can contain harmful bacteria. As a good Arkansan who loves fried catfish, I always make sure to eat American-raised catfish, which is healthy, nutritious, and safe.
On Tuesday, I
met
with the Farm Credit Council in Washington. I'm continuing to work diligently toward reaching a bipartisan Farm Bill agreement as a conferee this year - we are making progress, and I am optimistic to finish this long-overdue process soon.
Josh Baker of Mountain Home High School this week
received
the Ag Educator of the Year Award for the entire state of Arkansas from the Arkansas Farm Bureau. It's critical for the future of agriculture to have dedicated teachers like Josh educating the next generation of farmers. Congratulations!
My column this week, "The Case for Regulatory Reform," focuses on the need for common sense in the regulatory process in order to unshackle the potential of our economic engines, particularly in the agricultural sector.
The Case for Regulatory Reform
Time and again, the federal government has proven that even the most well-intentioned law can be used to entangle family farmers in bureaucratic red tape and burdensome regulatory costs. In 1972, the Clean Water Act became law with the intended result of combating water pollution. However, over the past decade this law has become an albatross around the necks of producers nationwide, causing millions in unnecessary costs with little proven benefit to the environment or the consumer.
One such instance of this regulatory overreach is a 2009 rule from the EPAs Spill Prevention Control &amp; Countermeasure (SPCC) program. This revised rule mandates that any farmer or rancher with above-ground oil storage facilities with a capacity of at least 1,320 gallons must make structural modifications to include a containment facility capable of retaining 110 percent of fuel in the container, and have this modification certified by a Professional Engineer (PE). The estimated cost per farmer is estimated to be in the tens of thousands. Many states lack even one single qualified PE registered to conduct SPCC certification, making it nearly impossible to comply.
This rule is a solution in search of a problem. According a 2005 USDA study, it was determined that more than 99% of farmers had not experienced an oil spill in excess of 1,320 gallons
yet according to the USDA the current SPCC rule subjects roughly 70% of farms to this costly and burdensome regulation.
Having heard these concerns directly from growers and producers in Arkansas, I have introduced H.R. 311, the Farmers Undertake Environmental Land Stewardship (FUELS) Act. The FUELS Act modifies the SPCC rule to raise the exemption level from 1,320 gallons to 10,000 gallons. Additionally, under the FUELS Act a farmer would only need certification from a PE for on-farm storage above 42,000 gallons. The University of Arkansas estimates that this legislation would save the entire agricultural community up to $3.36 billion in compliance costs, dollars that can be directly reinvested in capital to drive economic growth.
As the economy continues to recover, regulatory relief for the agricultural sector is crucial to maintain its success as a driving force of growth and jobs. America remains an international agricultural powerhouse because of our producers ability to innovate and out-produce our competitors. We must not limit our potential by inventing crises and piling on pages of bureaucratic regulations to address them. The FUELS Act takes into account scientific data, trusts farmers to take care of the land from which they derive their livelihood, and gets government out of the way of their success.
Please forward this message to friends or family members who might be interested. You can also direct them to my
website to sign up
for regular updates.
Washington, DC Office
1711 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4076
Fax: (202) 225-5602
Cabot Office
112 S. 1st St.
Cabot, AR 72023
Phone: (501) 843-3043
Fax: (501) 843-4955
Jonesboro Office
2400 Highland Drive, Ste 300
Jonesboro, AR 72401
Phone: (870) 203-0540
Fax: (870) 203-0542
Mountain Home Office
1001 Highway 62 E, Suite 9
Mountain Home, AR 72653
Phone: (870) 424-2075
Fax: (870) 424-3149
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here