
Click here to view Rep. Miller's video statement
WASHINGTON, D.C. - Today, Candice Miller, R-Mich., Chairman of the Committee on House Administration and the Commission on Congressional Mailing Standards (Franking Commission), issued the following statement regarding the Commission's adoption of a new House policy allowing for the incidental use of holiday greetings in constituent communications:
"As Chairman of the House Franking Commission, I am pleased to announce that, effective immediately, Members of the House may include holiday greetings in their communications to constituents.
In the past, including any form of a holiday greeting was banned.
While still prohibiting the misuse of official funds, this new commonsense policy allows Members to share their holiday wishes with constituents in otherwise official communications.
I feel it is entirely appropriate for members of Congress to include a simple holiday salutation, whether it is Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah, and so on.
"I appreciate my colleagues' support for my request to make this simple, but meaningful, change and look forward to more bipartisan coordination over the upcoming year."
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Miller on New House Holiday Greeting Policy
Dec 4, 2013
Click here to view Rep. Miller&#8217;s video statement
WASHINGTON, D.C. &#8211; Today, Candice Miller, R-Mich., Chairman of the Committee on House Administration and the Commission
on Congressional Mailing Standards (Franking Commission), issued the following statement regarding the Commission&#8217;s adoption of a new House policy allowing for the incidental use of holiday greetings in constituent communications:
&#8220;As Chairman of the House Franking Commission, I am pleased to announce that, effective immediately, Members of the House may include holiday greetings in their communications to constituents.
In the past, including any form of a holiday greeting was banned.
While still prohibiting the misuse of official funds, this new commonsense policy allows Members to share their holiday wishes with constituents in otherwise official communications.
I feel it is entirely appropriate for members of Congress to include a simple
holiday salutation, whether it is Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah, and so on.
&quot;I appreciate my colleagues&#8217; support for my request to make this simple, but meaningful, change and look forward to more
bipartisan coordination over the upcoming year.&#8221;
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
