
HOME
|
BIOGRAPHY
|
CONTACT US
|
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
|
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
|
NEWSROOM
Friday, November 29, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Blaine's Bulletin
There I was coming off the ladder after spending a few hours putting up the Christmas lights at home in St. Elizabeth when I took a moment to consider all the extra energy demands of the holiday season. Along with all the lights and displays that stretch our power grid, Americans across the country make thousands of extra trips this time of year, especially to visit relatives that may not be close by.
But Americans are getting an early gift this year, with gas prices in Missouri are hovering at or slightly above $3 which is below the national average and news coming out of the International Energy Agency (IEA) about the future of American oil production. In fact, according to press reports, the IEA reported earlier in November that our country will surpass Russia and Saudi Arabia as the worlds top oil producer by 2015, and will be close to energy self-sufficiency in the next two decades, amid booming output from shale formations. The U.S. will overtake Russia, currently the biggest oil producer, in 2015 as it taps rock and shale layers in North Dakota and Texas with the use of horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing.
This is good news because as American production goes up, so does our countrys economic fortunes including job creation and a variety of industries. One only has to look at the prosperity of a state like North Dakota to understand the significant impacts of energy production on local economies and beyond. This domestic energy production also insulates our nation somewhat from being at the mercy of those countries in the Middle East that dont like us all that much but still sell us oil to help finance their own corrupt and anti-American regimes.
As a supporter of an all-of-the-above energy policy, I believe that we must continue to build on these successes, despite the best attempts of the current administration to get in the way with burdensome regulations and waffling on important policy decisions. For example, why we are still waiting on a decision on the Keystone XL pipeline is beyond me. I also continue to be involved in fighting the Environmental Protection Agency overreach when it comes to burdensome regulations that ultimately will drive up the cost of electricity. At the end of the day, the war on coal being waged by the federal government continues on a daily basis and we must fight that battle.
Despite these government shortcomings, the House of Representatives passed, with my support, legislation to keep the energy production momentum going. First, we passed the
Federal Lands Jobs and Energy Security Act that
streamlines the permitting process for onshore oil and gas exploration on federal lands, allowing for more certainty around oil and gas leases and reforms the judicial review process surrounding oil and gas exploration. We also passed the
Protecting States Rights to Promote American Energy Security Act that will allow
states to continue regulating hydraulic fracturing rather than the federal government.
And finally the House responded by passing the
Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act that
puts in place a timeframe for approval of new natural gas pipeline projects by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) and other agencies.
Moreover, if a federal agency fails to approve or deny a permit within the set timeframes provided in the bill, the permit is deemed to be approved. We are fortunate to live in a country where we have access to so many energy resources and those circumstances certainly allow us to do so many wonderful things, including celebrating the Christmas season. We must remain committed to becoming energy independent so that future generations will never fear being at the mercy of hostile countries for our energy supplies. We are on the right track and the future is, well, bright.
CONTACT US:
As always, for those of you with Internet access, I encourage you to visit my official
website . For those without access to the Internet, I encourage you to call my offices in Jefferson City (573-635-7232) Washington, Mo. (636-239-2276), or Wentzville (636-327-7055) with your questions and concerns. If you want even greater access to what I am working on, please visit my
YouTube site ,
Facebook page , and keep up-to-date with
Twitter .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2440 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-2956
Fax:
(202) 225-5712
JEFFERSON CITY, MO OFFICE
2117 Missouri Boulevard
Jefferson City, MO 65109
Phone:
(573) 635-7232
Fax:
(573) 635-8347
WENTZVILLE, MO OFFICE
113 East Pearce
Wentzville, MO 63385
Phone:
(636) 327-7055
WASHINGTON, MO OFFICE
516 Jefferson St.
Washington, MO 63090
Phone:
(636) 239-2276
Fax:
(636) 239-0478
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here