
Thanksgiving 2013
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
The Rigell Report: Giving Thanks
Dear Friend,
This morning I had the privilege of speaking at the third annual 'Charlie's Run' in Virginia Beach
an event held in memory of Charlie and James Normile to benefit a charity important to their family: the Navy SEAL Foundation.
Check out pictures from the event
here .
I could not imagine a more moving and humbling way to begin a Thanksgiving Day
showing our support for the Normile family, paying tribute to the sons they have lost, and raising funds and awareness for the families of our war fighters.
As we gather with friends and family around dinner tables today, we are ever mindful of the empty chairs of loved ones who are away for the holidays, and those who will not return.
Teri and I wish you and your families a blessed Thanksgiving.
And to our friends in the Jewish community, we wish you a joyful and Happy Hanukkah.
Mindful that I work for you, I remain
Yours in Freedom,
Scott Rigell
By the President of the United States of America.
A Proclamation.
The year that is drawing towards its close, has been filled with the blessings of fruitful fields and healthful skies. To these bounties, which are so constantly enjoyed that we are prone to forget the source from which they come, others have been added, which are of so extraordinary a nature, that they cannot fail to penetrate and soften even the heart which is habitually insensible to the ever watchful providence of Almighty God. In the midst of a civil war of unequaled magnitude and severity, which has sometimes seemed to foreign States to invite and to provoke their aggression, peace has been preserved with all nations, order has been maintained, the laws have been respected and obeyed, and harmony has prevailed everywhere except in the theatre of military conflict; while that theatre has been greatly contracted by the advancing armies and navies of the Union. Needful diversions of wealth and of strength from the fields of peaceful industry to the national defence, have not arrested the plough, the shuttle or the ship; the axe has enlarged the borders of our settlements, and the mines, as well of iron and coal as of the precious metals, have yielded even more abundantly than heretofore. Population has steadily increased, notwithstanding the waste that has been made in the camp, the siege and the battle-field; and the country, rejoicing in the consciousness of augmented strength and vigor, is permitted to expect continuance of years with large increase of freedom. No human counsel hath devised nor hath any mortal hand worked out these great things. They are the gracious gifts of the Most High God, who, while dealing with us in anger for our sins, hath nevertheless remembered mercy. It has seemed to me fit and proper that they should be solemnly, reverently and gratefully acknowledged as with one heart and one voice by the whole American People. I do therefore invite my fellow citizens in every part of the United States, and also those who are at sea and those who are sojourning in foreign lands, to set apart and observe the last Thursday of November next, as a day of Thanksgiving and Praise to our beneficent Father who dwelleth in the Heavens. And I recommend to them that while offering up the ascriptions justly due to Him for such singular deliverances and blessings, they do also, with humble penitence for our national perverseness and disobedience, commend to His tender care all those who have become widows, orphans, mourners or sufferers in the lamentable civil strife in which we are unavoidably engaged, and fervently implore the interposition of the Almighty Hand to heal the wounds of the nation and to restore it as soon as may be consistent with the Divine purposes to the full enjoyment of peace, harmony, tranquillity (sic) and Union.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and caused the Seal of the United States to be affixed.
Done at the City of Washington, this Third day of October, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, and of the Independence of the United States the Eighty-eighth.
By the President: Abraham Lincoln
Helpful Links
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
Find out what happened on the House floor today
Find out whats coming up in the House of Representatives
Learn about the legislative process
Just released; 2014 House Legislative Calendar (113th Congress, Second Session)
Quote Worthy
Duty is ours; results are God's.
-John Quincy Adams
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
327 Cannon Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
(202) 225-4215
(202) 225-4218 fax
EASTERN SHORE OFFICE
23386 Front Street
Accomac, VA 23301
(757) 789-5172
(757) 789-5175 fax
VIRGINIA BEACH OFFICE
4772 Euclid Road, Suite E
Virginia Beach, VA 23462
(757) 687-8290
(757) 687-8298 fax
PENINSULA OFFICE
1100 Exploration Way, Suite 302 R
Hampton, VA 23666
(757) 687-8290
(757) 687-8298 fax
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here