
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
The Time is Now
December 13, 2013
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
A Reflection of Our Values
This week, Congress enacted a budget that rolls back the sequester and helps restore stability to the American economy. Unfortunately, House Republicans missed an opportunity to create jobs and put the livelihood of millions of Americans in jeopardy.
Speaker Boehner refused to allow a vote on vital legislation that would extend the federal unemployment insurance program through the upcoming year. On December 28, all federal jobless aid is set to expire completely for 1.3 million Americans, in the middle of the holiday season. This inaction by the House Republicans will also cause an additional 1.9 million Americans to lose access to federal unemployment insurance in the first six months of 2014. This is a cruel blow to millions of Americans who are unable to find employment and strikes at the health and safety of their children, families and communities.
While this legislative year may be coming to a close, the debate will not end today. Protecting vital unemployment insurance benefits reflects the morality of our country, the value that we place on work, and the pride we take in the great work ethic of the American people.
Reform Our Country Needs
Another critical issue this do-nothing Congress left unfinished: enacting the comprehensive immigration reform our country needs.
The bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform legislation introduced by House Democrats earlier this year has 192 cosponsors, including 3 Republicans. An additional 25 Republicans have publicly expressed support for a path to citizenship. Next year, we must keep fighting for immigration reform to honor our nation&rsquo;s history and values, reduce the deficit, foster innovation, energize the economy and create jobs.
Our message to Speaker Boehner and House Republicans is simple: bring our bipartisan bill to the floor. The votes are there. The time is now.
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi meets with children from We Belong Together, including San Franciscan Nashali de la Rosa, to discuss the urgency of comprehensive immigration reform.
Honor with Action
One year ago, terror struck the heart of Newtown, Connecticut, when an unspeakable tragedy took the lives of 20 small children and six courageous educators at Sandy Hook Elementary School.
It&rsquo;s hard to believe that an entire year has passed since that horrific day &ndash; yet it&rsquo;s even harder to believe that, despite so many promises of action, too many in Congress have advocated only inaction in the fight to prevent gun violence.
In the wake of this solemn anniversary, that must change.
Indeed, our most lasting memorial to the victims of Newtown would be to enact a comprehensive agenda to prevent gun violence, starting with the bipartisan, King-Thompson legislation to expand background checks.
Covered California Enrollment Ends December 23rd
December 23rd, 2013 is the last day to enroll in a health insurance plan through
Covered California
to begin receiving coverage on January 1st, 2014.
Covered California continues to lead the nation in the number of individuals enrolling in quality, affordable health care coverage &ndash; and is making it easy for uninsured individuals and small businesses to shop for, compare and purchase health insurance. If you are interested in reviewing which health care plan may be best for you, please visit the Covered California
website
and utilize the
potential insurance cost calculating tool . You may also be interested in taking a look at
my newsletter
on Covered California, which is also available in
Chinese
and
Spanish .
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
