
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
January 17, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
This Weeks Budget Bill: Back to Regular
Order
Rodneys Work on the Consolidated Appropriations
Act
A COLA "Fix for Disabled Military
Retirees
The Week Just Passed: Overseas Trade = New Jersey
Jobs
Rodney Welcomes Israels
Envoy
Attacks in Benghazi could have been
prevented
This Weeks Budget
Bill: Back to Regular Order
Showing that they still
know how to get things done for the American people, the House and
Senate this week passed legislation that implemented the bipartisan
budget agreement forged last month.
The President is expected
to sign the package of 12 appropriations bills that will fund the
operations of the government through the end of
September.
While certainly not perfect, the bill advances the cause of budget
cutting and deficit and debt reduction. For the fourth year in a row,
the measure cuts federal discretionary spending, which has not
happened since the Korean War, Rodney said.
Further, this
legislation reduces funding to below the level when President Obama took office.
That was not an easy task with the Senate controlled by the party of
Harry Reid and a veto pen in the hand of the
President.
Another important aspect of the bipartisan budget agreement is a return
to so-called regular order, at least temporarily.
But
what is regular order and why is it important?
One of
the basic tenants of a strong democracy is transparency and
accountability, Rodney said.
Regular order means the President will
soon present his budget for all to see, the House and Senate will develop
their own budget resolutions, the Appropriations Committee will
proceed with their rigorous oversight hearings before drafting and passing
12 separate government funding bills through committee and the House
and Senate in an open and responsible process.
Rodney
pointed out that such a routine process is important for taxpayers and all
government agencies, but particularly for the Department of Defense
and the intelligence community.
As Chairman of the Defense
Appropriations Subcommittee I know that our military badly needs stability
and predictability after years of budget uncertainty.
This return
to regular order will help them plan for the future and, at the
same time, preserve private sector jobs with a more reliable and
dependable appropriations process.
Rodneys Work on the
Consolidated Appropriations Act (CAA)
As Chairman of
the key Appropriations Subcommittee, Rodney and his team produced the
largest section of the Consolidated Appropriations Act (CAA),
providing funding to advance our nations security, increase military
readiness, and support for our troops and their families at home and
abroad.
In total, the Defense portion of the CAA is $486.9 billion,
virtually the same as the current operating level. This level denies
the extreme cuts that would have occurred under the next round of
sequestration
which would have had dire repercussions for our national
defense, our troops and their families. The funding in the bill will
support important DoD programs and projects, a pay raise for our troops,
and a high level of military readiness.
The defense
section also contains $85.2 billion for ongoing military operations in
Afghanistan. This is a reduction of $2 billion compared to last years
level. This funding will provide the needed resources for our troops in
the field, the purchase of new aircraft to replace combat losses and
combat vehicle safety modifications.
You can read the
Committee Report on the Defense section
here .
You can read the text of the CAA
here .
A COLA "Fix" for Disabled Military
Retirees
The defense portion of the CAA includes language that is
important to medically retired military personnel and their survivors
an
important provision fixing the Bipartisan Budget Act, to ensure that
those who have given the most in military service
the approximately
630,000 medically retired personnel and survivors
receive their full
yearly cost-of-living increase.
The Week Just Passed:
Overseas Trade = New Jersey Jobs
One of the keys
to creating jobs here in the United States is generating new or
expanded markets for our goods and services overseas.
This is
particularly important in New Jersey where our economy is closely tied to the
success of our Port of New York and New Jersey.
You
may recall that I have championed the Harbor Deepening Project at the
Port.
Why?
More than 90 percent of
global trade, valued at over $1.7 trillion, moves by ship and our Port is
the largest port on the East Coast of North America and the
third-largest in our nation, behind only Los Angeles and Long Beach,
California.
However, it faces competition from ports up and down the
coast, including Baltimore, Norfolk and Savannah.
Our Port is
the economic engine of northern New Jersey, spurring more than $36
billion in economic activity each year. The Port is responsible for
279,000 jobs, representing $12 billion in annual wages.
Tens of
thousands of people are directly employed along the piers, docks,
warehouses, truck staging areas and rail yards at the Port, with thousands more
working in New Jersey companies which depend on this vital
asset.
Now that the Harbor Deepening Project is approaching the
finish line, the Port is poised for success well into the
future.
That is important because Congress may soon consider legislation
to grant the President Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) which enables
him to negotiate trade agreements subject to an up-or-down vote by
Congress.
These trade agreements serve principally to bring
the tariff barriers that other countries erect to deter their import of
our goods.
U.S. restrictions are already relatively
low.
TPA would be an important tool as the U.S. continues
Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) negotiations as well as free trade agreement
discussions with the European Union, offering landmark opportunities to
boost our exports. The TPP countries
which represent many of the
fastest-growing economies in the world
accounted for 40 percent of total
U.S. goods exports in 2012. And the EU purchased close to $460 billion
in U.S. goods and services that same year, supporting 2.4 million
American jobs.
Americas record with free trade agreements is
good. As former U.S. Trade Representative Bob Zoellick reports in this
weeks
Wall Street Journal ,
America's free-trade partners account for about 45% of all U.S. exports,
even though their economies amount to only 10% of global GDP. On
average, in the first five years of a new free-trade agreement, U.S.
exports grew three to four times as rapidly as U.S. exports to
others
TPA is a winning approach on many levels
its a
bipartisan mechanism designed expand overseas markets for U.S.-made exports
which will strengthen our New Jersey economy.
Every
President since FDR has sought trade promotion authority from Congress
because they have all been convinced of the job-creating benefits of trade.
Congress and the President should jump at the opportunity to help
American businesses and workers by helping them sell
overseas!
The current President this week called for a 'Year of Action on
Jobs.'
With nearly four million Americans unemployed long term,
trade is where he should start!
Rodney
Frelinghuysen
Recommended Reading:
Robert Zoellick, writing in the Monday
Wall Street Journal , Leading From the
Front on Free Trade. Republicans should make the case for Trade
Promotion Authority, not fear giving it to President Obama.
Read the
Op Ed piece
here .
Rodney
Welcomes Israels Envoy
One month after he officially
became Israels new envoy in the United States, Rodney welcomed
Ambassador Ron Dermer to his Washington office this
week.
The United States and Israel have an incredible number of shared
interests in the military, intelligence, economic and energy arenas and it
is important that our dialogue be constant, robust and very frank,
Rodney said.
I had the pleasure of first meeting Amb. Dermer when
I visited Prime Minister Netanyahu in Israel this summer and looked
forward to our continued partnership!
Recommended
Reading:
Anne Gearan and Adam Goldman,
writing
in the Wednesday
Washington
Post ,
Senate report: Attacks on U.S. compounds in
Benghazi could have been prevented.
Recommended
Reading:
Picatinny Counters Unmanned Aerial
System Threats
Contact Information
WASHINGTON,
D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place, Second
Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 