DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
House Passes Bipartisan Budget Agreement
Yesterday evening, the House of Representatives passed the Bipartisan Budget Agreement 332-94. I voted for the bill, believing that it is far from perfect but the best that be expected from divided government. Democrats and Republicans are far apart on fiscal issues. I dont believe another government shutdown would get either side more of what it wants. This agreement replaces some sequestration cuts with other budget savings. Should we fail to agree on further deficit cutting measures, the sequester cuts would return at their full level. We cannot endlessly kick the can down the road, but with little common ground between the parties, this is about the best that can be hoped for. More details on the agreement are available
HERE .
Secretary Sebelius Comes Before the Health Subcommittee Again
On Wednesday, Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius testified in front of the Health Subcommittee. I was disappointed by her answers on the rollout of Obamacare. There was no information on how many people have successfully enrolled in a health care plan through the exchanges. She would not admit that many people have lost their health care as a result of the law and may see a gap in coverage at the beginning of next year. The law is clearly hurting many Americans, and ducking questions wont help them get the coverage they need. To view my questions for the secretary,
CLICK HERE . To view my appearance on FoxNews discussing the hearing,
CLICK HERE .
Congress Renews Ban on Plastic Firearms
Early this week, the House and Senate sent President Obama legislation renewing a ban on plastic firearms. These restrictions have been in place for 25 years and are intended to ensure that metal detectors can find guns. The law was set to expire this week and will now be extended for ten years. With new plastics and methods of manufacturing plastic weapons, it is important that these sensible restrictions stay in place.
Bill Prevents Cuts to Doctors Under Medicare
Attached to the budget agreement was a short-term patch to prevent cuts in reimbursement to doctors under Medicare. Without this extension, doctors could have seen a cut of more than 20 percent on January 1. This could have meant reduced access for millions of seniors in Medicare. Bipartisan legislation to permanently fix this problem was passed by the Health Subcommittee earlier this year. While I am disappointed we didnt consider this bill, the extension will give time for other committees to work with us on good Medicare reform. To view my comments on the House floor,
CLICK HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: The Deal We Get With the Government We Have
Its something you used to hear from comedians and political pundits all the time, Both parties are just the same. I think if the American people have learned anything in the past few years, it is that Republicans and Democrats have very real differences about how the country should be run.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Obamacare Ads Promote Unhealthy Behvior
Obamacare ads in Colorado promote health care coverage by encouraging unhealthy behavior.
Obamacare's Broken Promises
Congressman Pitts opens up the hearing to question Health and Human Services Secretary Sebelius about the implementation of Obamacare.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here