 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Town Hall Meetings
Valley Falls, KS - Friday, Dec. 6
10:00am
Kendall Bank Community Room
Holton, KS - Friday, Dec. 6
Lunch: 12:00pm-12:30pm
Town Hall Meeting: 12:30pm-1:00pm
St. Dominic Catholic Church Hall
Staff Open Office Hours
Washington, KS - Thursday, Dec. 12
1:45 p.m.-2:45 p.m.
First National Bank of Washington
Community Meeting Room
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ___
Kansas Common Sense
December 2, 2013
Dear Friend,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thank you for your continued interest
in receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
Robba and I joined all Kansans in celebrating Thanksgiving with family
and friends this week, and gave thanks for our blessings. I am
especially thankful for the service and charitable organization across
Kansas who support our communities and those in need. I hope Kansans
consider supporting or volunteering at these organizations during the
holiday season. Just a few hours of your time giving back to your
community can make this holiday a memorable one for those in need. I
hope you and your family also enjoyed time together and had the chance
to reflect on all we have to be thankful for as Americans.
This week, Jews in Kansas and around the world also began the eight day
celebration of Hanukkah. I wish my Jewish friends a very happy
Hanukkah.
1,000th Town Hall Meeting in Marion
As your U.S. Senator, I am committed to listening to Kansans and making
certain your commonsense voices are heard in our nation's Capital.
Since coming to Congress in 1997, I have made it my top priority to
return home each weekend to visit the folks who sent me to Washington.
Whether I am at the grocery store, attending church, or filling the
tank with gas, the conversations I have with Kansans matter to me and
impact the work I do on your behalf.
When I was elected to the House of Representatives, I launched the "Big
First Listening Tour" and held annual town hall meetings in each of the
First District's 69 counties. I have continued this tradition as a
Senator and have traveled throughout all 105 counties in our state as
part of my new "Kansas Listening Tour" to hear directly from Kansans.
I was fortunate this week to return to Marion, Kansas, to hold my
1,000th town hall meeting since being elected to Congress - the same
community I held my first town hall in as a U.S. Representative on July
18, 1997. More than 125 Kansans from Marion and the surrounding
communities turned out for pancakes and conversation. Topics ranged
from Obamacare and water conservation, to the nuclear option and the
government shutdown.
Thanks to the good folks who joined me in Marion, I was once again
reminded of the strength and spirit of our communities and the values
that make Kansas a great place to live, work and raise a family. I not
only appreciated hearing Kansans express their views on national
policy, but also talk about their successes and achievements. Our state
will continue to thrive thanks to the hard work ethic and dedication of
its citizens.
Touring Wichita East High School
On Monday afternoon, I toured Wichita East High School and visited with
students in Ms. McHenry's Advanced Placement U.S. History class. I
enjoyed the opportunity to learn more about the variety of learning
programs at East High, including the International Baccalaureate
Diploma Program, a rigorous college-preparatory curriculum, and the
Advancement Via Individual Determination (AVID) Program, which helps
students in grades 4-12 prepare for college eligibility.
As a member of the Senate Appropriations education subcommittee, which
has authority over the budget of the U.S. Department of Education, I
have the responsibility to oversee the Department to evaluate how its
initiatives serving students in Kansas and across the country. Because
parents and teachers best know the educational needs of their students,
I am committed to working to improve federal education policies so
states and local communities have the flexibility they need for
teachers to tailor education plans to the unique needs of their
students. Kansans understand that, in order to be successful, a school
needs students who want to learn, dedicated teachers who are committed
to helping each student reach their potential, administrators who are
goal-oriented, and supportive parents and community members who
reinforce the concepts and expectations taught at school.
I believe that what happens in classrooms is critical to the future of
our state and country. My time at East High was a great opportunity to
visit with high school students and their teachers about their
education goals and issue facing our nation. I enjoyed our
conversations and wish the students continued success during their high
school careers and beyond. Thanks to Principal Ken Thiessen for hosting
my visit. Click here
to see a photo.
Visiting ABC Discount Super Store
Monday afternoon I stopped by ABC Discount Super Store in Wichita and
visited with Jim Brown and Wayne Chambers, chair of the Wichita Metro
Chamber of Commerce. ABC Discount Super Store is a family and locally
owned retailer which specializes in the lease purchase and sale of
electronics, computers, appliances and furniture. During my visit, Jim
and Wayne emphasized the importance of creating a tax and regulatory
environment that encourages business growth and job creation. We also
discussed concerns surrounding Obamacare and the effect it is having on
Kansans and our economy. Once again, I want to thank Jim and Wayne for
the discussion and for highlighting some important issues in the
Wichita area business community.Click here
to see a photo.
Visiting Cox Communications in Wichita
Also while in Wichita, I had the opportunity to visit with Jay
Allbaugh, vice president of Kansas marketing and government affairs for
Cox Communications - which provides digital cable television,
telecommunications and wireless services to customers throughout the
United States.
My discussion with Jay, a past chair of the Kansas Chamber of Commerce,
focused not only on issues affecting how Kansans can better access
telecommunications services, but also on how the federal government can
create a regulatory environment that is friendlier so businesses to
invest in our communities. Our conversation was a useful reminder of
the important challenges before Congress as it goes back into session
next week. I appreciate Jay's wise counsel and congratulate him on the
upcoming birth of his first grandchild.
Visiting Jetmore
On Tuesday morning on the way to my 1,001st town hall meeting in Garden
City, I stopped in Jetmore and enjoyed visiting with Kansans at the
County Clerk's office, the Register of Deeds, the Magistrate Judge's
office, City Hall, Farmers State Bank, Reno Pharmacy and Hastings
Reality. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas common sense.
Clay Center Listening Tour Stop
On Friday, I was joined by more than 25 Kansans at the Tasty Pastry
Bakery and Coffee Shop in Clay Center for my 1,002nd town hall meeting.
I enjoyed seeing both familiar and new faces, and I appreciated having
the opportunity to visit with Kansans about a number of issues of
concern including Obamacare, the farm bill, the budget, and our
veterans and military. And on this Black Friday, we also discussed
shopping local and supporting our small businesses across Kansas.
Thanks to the residents of Clay County for joining me during this
holiday time and helping shape my decisions and priorities.
Garden City Listening Tour Stop
On Tuesday afternoon, I continued the Kansas Listening Tour with my
1001st Town Hall meeting in Garden City which was open to the public. I
always enjoy visiting southwest Kansas and I appreciate everyone who
took time out of their day to stop by. Attendees shared their thoughts
and concerns about Obamacare, Amtrak, the Farm Bill and horse
slaughter. Senate Democrats pursuing the nuclear option, frustration
over gridlock in Washington, and the expansion of executive powers were
also a focus. Thanks to the Garden City Lions Club for hosting the
event and to the many members of the public who attended. Click here
to see a photo.
Dwight Listening Tour Stop
On Saturday, I held my last Kansas Listening Tour stop of the week in
Morris County at the community building in Dwight. This was my 1,003rd
town hall and every single conversation I have with Kansans at these
events helps me make commonsense decisions in Washington D.C.
Attendees on Saturday asked about a variety of issues that concern our
state on the federal level including Obamacare, rural development and
the Farm Bill. Again, I appreciate these opportunities to hear from
Kansans. I have upcoming Listening Tour stops this Friday in Valley
Falls and Holton, which you can find out more about in the sidebar of
this newsletter. As I continue to schedule Listening Tour stops, I look
forward to hearing from folks across the state.Click here
to see a photo
from the stop.
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here. You can also click here to contact me through
one of my Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING
UP
Town Hall Meetings
Valley Falls, KS
- Friday, Dec. 6 10:00am
Kendall Bank Community Room
Holton, KS &#8211;
Friday, Dec. 6 Lunch: 12:00pm-12:30pm Town Hall Meeting: 12:30pm-1:00pm
St. Dominic Catholic Church Hall
Staff
Open Office Hours
Washington, KS - Thursday,
Dec. 12
1:45 p.m.-2:45 p.m. First
National Bank of Washington Community
Meeting R oom
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____
_ ___
Kansas
Common Sense December
2, 2013
Dear
Friend,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thank you for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Robba
and I joined all Kansans in celebrating Thanksgiving with family and friends this week, and gave thanks
for our blessings. I am especially thankful for the service and charitable organization across Kansas
who support our communities and those in need. I hope Kansans consider supporting or volunteering at
these organizations during the holiday season. Just a few hours of your time giving back to your community
can make this holiday a memorable one for those in need. I hope you and your family also enjoyed time
together and had the chance to reflect on all we have to be thankful for as Americans.
This week, Jews in Kansas and around the world also began the eight day celebration of Hanukkah.
I wish my Jewish friends a very happy Hanukkah.
1,000th Town Hall Meeting in Marion
As
your U.S. Senator, I am committed to listening to Kansans and making certain your commonsense voices
are heard in our nation&#8217;s Capital. Since coming to Congress in 1997, I have made it my top priority
to return home each weekend to visit the folks who sent me to Washington. Whether I am at the grocery
store, attending church, or filling the tank with gas, the conversations I have with Kansans matter to
me and impact the work I do on your behalf.
When
I was elected to the House of Representatives, I launched the &#8220;Big First Listening Tour&#8221;
and held annual town hall meetings in each of the First District&#8217;s 69 counties. I have continued
this tradition as a Senator and have traveled throughout all 105 counties in our state as part of my
new &#8220;Kansas Listening Tour&#8221; to hear directly from Kansans.
I
was fortunate this week to return to Marion, Kansas, to hold my 1,000th town hall meeting since being
elected to Congress &#8211; the same community I held my first town hall in as a U.S. Representative
on July 18, 1997. More than 125 Kansans from Marion and the surrounding communities turned out for pancakes
and conversation. Topics ranged from Obamacare and water conservation, to the nuclear option and the
government shutdown.
Thanks
to the good folks who joined me in Marion, I was once again reminded of the strength and spirit of our
communities and the values that make Kansas a great place to live, work and raise a family. I not only
appreciated hearing Kansans express their views on national policy, but also talk about their successes
and achievements. Our state will continue to thrive thanks to the hard work ethic and dedication of its
citizens.
Touring
Wichita East High School
On
Monday afternoon, I toured Wichita East High School and visited with students in Ms. McHenry&#8217;s
Advanced Placement U.S. History class. I enjoyed the opportunity to learn more about the variety of learning
programs at East High, including the International Baccalaureate Diploma Program, a rigorous college-preparatory
curriculum, and the Advancement Via Individual Determination (AVID) Program, which helps students in
grades 4-12 prepare for college eligibility.
As
a member of the Senate Appropriations education subcommittee, which has authority over the budget of
the U.S. Department of Education, I have the responsibility to oversee the Department to evaluate how
its initiatives serving students in Kansas and across the country. Because parents and teachers best
know the educational needs of their students, I am committed to working to improve federal education
policies so states and local communities have the flexibility they need for teachers to tailor education
plans to the unique needs of their students. Kansans understand that, in order to be successful, a school
needs students who want to learn, dedicated teachers who are committed to helping each student reach
their potential, administrators who are goal-oriented, and supportive parents and community members who
reinforce the concepts and expectations taught at school.
I
believe that what happens in classrooms is critical to the future of our state and country. My time at
East High was a great opportunity to visit with high school students and their teachers about their education
goals and issue facing our nation. I enjoyed our conversations and wish the students continued success
during their high school careers and beyond. Thanks to Principal Ken Thiessen for hosting my visit.
Click
here
to
see a photo.
Visiting
ABC Discount Super Store
Monday
afternoon I stopped by ABC Discount Super Store in Wichita and visited with Jim Brown and Wayne Chambers,
chair of the Wichita Metro Chamber of Commerce. ABC Discount Super Store is a family and locally owned
retailer which specializes in the lease purchase and sale of electronics, computers, appliances and furniture.
During my visit, Jim and Wayne emphasized the importance of creating a tax and regulatory environment
that encourages business growth and job creation. We also discussed concerns surrounding Obamacare and
the effect it is having on Kansans and our economy. Once again, I want to thank Jim and Wayne for the
discussion and for highlighting some important issues in the Wichita area business community. Click
here
to
see a photo.
Visiting
Cox Communications in Wichita Also
while in Wichita, I had the opportunity to visit with Jay Allbaugh, vice president of Kansas marketing
and government affairs for Cox Communications &#8211; which provides digital cable television, telecommunications
and wireless services to customers throughout the United States.
My
discussion with Jay, a past chair of the Kansas Chamber of Commerce, focused not only on issues affecting
how Kansans can better access telecommunications services, but also on how the federal government can
create a regulatory environment that is friendlier so businesses to invest in our communities. Our conversation
was a useful reminder of the important challenges before Congress as it goes back into session next week.
I appreciate Jay's wise counsel and congratulate him on the upcoming birth of his first grandchild.
Visiting
Jetmore
On
Tuesday morning on the way to my 1,001st town hall meeting in Garden City, I stopped in Jetmore and enjoyed
visiting with Kansans at the County Clerk&#8217;s office, the Register of Deeds, the Magistrate Judge&#8217;s
office, City Hall, Farmers State Bank, Reno Pharmacy and Hastings Reality. Thanks for the good dose of
Kansas common sense.
Clay
Center Listening Tour Stop
On
Friday, I was joined by more than 25 Kansans at the Tasty Pastry Bakery and Coffee Shop in Clay Center
for my 1,002nd town hall meeting. I enjoyed seeing both familiar and new faces, and I appreciated having
the opportunity to visit with Kansans about a number of issues of concern including Obamacare, the farm
bill, the budget, and our veterans and military. And on this Black Friday, we also discussed shopping
local and supporting our small businesses across Kansas. Thanks to the residents of Clay County for joining
me during this holiday time and helping shape my decisions and priorities.
Garden
City Listening Tour Stop
On
Tuesday afternoon, I continued the Kansas Listening Tour with my 1001st Town Hall meeting in Garden City
which was open to the public. I always enjoy visiting southwest Kansas and I appreciate everyone who
took time out of their day to stop by. Attendees shared their thoughts and concerns about Obamacare,
Amtrak, the Farm Bill and horse slaughter. Senate Democrats pursuing the nuclear option, frustration
over gridlock in Washington, and the expansion of executive powers were also a focus. Thanks to the Garden
City Lions Club for hosting the event and to the many members of the public who attended.
Click
here
to
see a photo.
Dwight
Listening Tour Stop
On
Saturday, I held my last Kansas Listening Tour stop of the week in Morris County at the community building
in Dwight. This was my 1,003 rd
town hall and every single conversation I have with Kansans at these events helps me make commonsense
decisions in Washington D.C.
Attendees
on Saturday asked about a variety of issues that concern our state on the federal level including Obamacare,
rural development and the Farm Bill. Again, I appreciate these opportunities to hear from Kansans. I
have upcoming Listening Tour stops this Friday in Valley Falls and Holton, which you can find out more
about in the sidebar of this newsletter. As I continue to schedule Listening Tour stops, I look forward
to hearing from folks across the state. Click
here
to
see a photo from the stop.
Honored
to Serve You in Washington
It
is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and
writing in to share their thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate
the words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who
wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email by clicking here. You can also click
here to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from this
newsletter, please
click
here .
