
Please note:
this email newsletter is coming from an
unmonitored account.
Please do not reply
to this email
address. To reply to our office,
click
here
to use the contact form on our website. If you wish to subscribe to my Newsletter
click here . If you wish to unsubscribe,
click
here .
FOLLOW ME ON :
December 6, 2013
Fellow Marylanders:
While many of us are focused on the Holidays this month, students in Maryland&rsquo;s 7th district will apply to colleges and universities across the United States and around the world. Yet for too many students, college remains out of reach and prohibitively expensive. I&rsquo;m working to remove as many obstacles as I can, so any student with the desire to pursue a college degree can achieve his or her goal.
How the ACA Is Working
Healthcare Costs
Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, the growth in U.S. healthcare spending has slowed dramatically. Since 2010, the amount spent on care per person has grown at an annual rate of just 1.3 percent &ndash; the slowest rate of growth on record.
The price inflation of health care goods and services is also down, currently at its lowest rate in 50 years.
These trends are good for the economy, reducing the Federal budget, creating incentives for job creation, and translating to higher wages for working Americans.
Click
here
to learn more, and share your thoughts on Twitter using #getcovered.
Financing a Degree
Every student should be able to pursue higher education if he or she chooses &ndash; and we must do our best to eliminate barriers that keep students from achieving that dream. I recently participated in a panel discussion hosted by the Council for Opportunity in Education. The discussion addressed the progress made, and the challenges ahead, for ensuring that all students have the opportunity to attend college.
One of those challenges is finding financial aid. Each year, I ask area colleges and universities, representatives from College Board and scholarship organizations, and state and local financial aid experts to join me for an event that allows parents, teachers, prospective students and anyone interested in higher education to learn more about their options. This year, my
How to Pay for College Seminar
will take place on
Monday, December 9th , at the
Enoch Pratt Library , located at
400 Cathedral Street, Baltimore, MD 21201 . You can register on my website by
clicking here , or by calling my office at (410) 685-9199.
I hope to see you there so we can discuss our shared desire to see our children succeed in this harsh economic environment.
The FAFSA Fairness Act
Last month, I introduced the
FAFSA Fairness Act , which is designed to increase access to college for vulnerable populations, including foster youths and students who have no contact with their parents.
Currently, students who are unable to contact their parents while completing the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) find themselves stuck. Rather than attempt the often painful process of tracking down their parents, many complete the form incorrectly, listing another family member or other caretaker as a parent. Many more give up altogether, preventing them from accessing federal loans and grants.
The FAFSA Fairness Act allows students with clearly defined circumstances to complete the FAFSA form as a &ldquo;provisional independent&rdquo;, freeing them from the requirement of including their parents&rsquo; information. The legislation would also allow aid administrators at colleges and universities to develop provisional financial aid packages, giving the student a clearer picture of the assistance they&rsquo;d receive, and allowing them to make an educated choice about the school that best suits their needs before they complete the dependency override process.
This legislation clears one more hurdle for young people seeking a better life through education, and is something I hope the House will consider as soon as possible.
Happy Holidays to you and your family!
Sincerely,
U.S. Congressman Elijah E. Cummings
Proudly Serving Maryland's 7th District
Click here to unsubscribe
|
View this message in your browser
|
Visit Homepage
*
CONTACT INFORMATION
*
Washington D.C. Office
2235 Rayburn House Office Building | Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4741 | Fax: (202) 225-3178
Baltimore City Office
1010 Park Avenue
Suite 105
Baltimore, MD, 21201
Phone:
(410) 685-9199
Fax:
(410) 685-9399
Catonsville Office
754 Frederick Road
Catonsville, MD 21228
Phone: (410) 719-8777
Fax: (410) 455-0110
Ellicott City
Office
8267 Main Street
Ellicott City, MD 21043
Phone: (410) 465-8259
Fax: (410) 465-8740
