
Official Site
|
Contact
|
Roberts Journal
|
News
Applauding FBI, Joint Terrorism Task Force Efforts to Protect Kansans
Today I applauded the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Joint Terrorism Task Force for protecting Kansans from a terrorist attack in Wichita.
Today&rsquo;s arrest is a warning to us all that we must remain vigilant against those who wish to do us harm. This vigilance is ever present in those that serve our nation in law enforcement at all levels of government and I am especially grateful for their diligence and hard work to keep Americans safe.
Opposing Ryan-Murray Budget Deal that Raises Federal Spending
After careful consideration and a deep analysis of the proposed language this week I announced my opposition to the budget deal negotiated by Congressman Paul Ryan (R-WI) and Senator Patty Murray (D-WA), the leaders of the Senate-House conference committee on the budget.
This budget deal falls far short of what is needed to address the nation&rsquo;s fiscal challenges. It will not have any significant impact on the national debt, and, in fact, increases federal spending for the next two years.
The new agreement does not tackle entitlement reform, provide for tax reform, or re-orient spending toward more pro-growth policies. Rather than moving forward with the spending reductions built into the Budget Control Act, the Ryan-Murray budget deal immediately increases spending by about $65 billion over the next two years, which is the exact wrong direction.
This additional spending would be &lsquo;paid for&rsquo; by targeted tax hikes, which would hit many Kansans square in their wallet. This latest deal is just more taxing and spending, based on promises of additional spending reductions which are not likely to ever be implemented. I am disappointed by the lack of scope in the Ryan-Murray budget proposal, and I intend to vote against it on the Senate Floor.
Overhaul the Tax Code
This week, in the Senate Committee on Finance I had the opportunity to question John Koskinen, President Obama's nominee for Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service. Ultimately, I voted against his nomination in Committee and I will oppose it again on the Senate floor.
It is clear that the biggest source of problems for the IRS is the overly complex, intrusive income tax system. We need to reform the tax code, which is why I support a fundamental restructuring of the tax system, such as the proposed FAIR Tax.
We need to disentangle the tax code from the economy -- we need to disengage the tax system as much as possible from economic decision making. To do this, I believe that we need to start over:
to reduce complexity, to make the tax system fairer and less burdensome, and to permit our companies to better compete in international markets. The FAIR Tax is the best place to start with this effort.
To see the entirety of my questions with the nominee to head the IRS, click the video below.
Click Here to View
Iran Deal Bad for U.S. &amp; World Security
President Obama continues to defend the Iranian nuclear deal negotiated at the end of November in Geneva, Switzerland. I believe this deal was a bad deal both for the United States and our allies in the region.
Any deal that gives billions in sanctions relief to the world&rsquo;s largest state sponsor of terror while letting them continue to enrich is a bad deal. I see no reason to trust a regime that sponsors terrorism, undermines the international community through its support for Bashar al-Assad in Syria, imprisons Christian pastors for exercising their faith, and constantly threatens the legitimacy of the State of Israel.
The six-month interim deal with Iran was apparently reached after a year of secret negotiations between the Obama Administration and members of the Iranian regime. This deal provides at least $7 billion in relief by dismantling existing sanctions against the Iranian nuclear program. In exchange, Iran has agreed to halt further enrichment above 5 percent and allow some access to International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) inspectors. However, the deal fails to dismantle a single centrifuge for uranium enrichment, dismantle the Arak facility&rsquo;s plutonium-producing heavy water reactor, or effectively ensure the destruction of Iran&rsquo;s stockpile of 20-percent enriched uranium, all while fundamentally recognizing Iran&rsquo;s right to enrich.
It is no surprise we see the Iranians spiking the football while Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu calls this a &lsquo;historic mistake.&rsquo;
Click Here to View
Fighting Against Redundant Government and More Bureaucracy
As the Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration, I helped lead a hearing this week on the nominations of Thomas Hicks and Myrna Perez to the Election Assistance Commission (EAC).
The takeaway from the hearing was that this commission is redundant and ought to be eliminated entirely. If the Democrat majority sees the light maybe we can finally get rid of this commission and save the taxpayers some money. If they persist in pushing these Democrat nominees through, we may be forced to go round and round with another series of confirmation hearings to install Republican members and ensure the commission maintains some measure of balance.
To watch my questions in the hearing click the video below.
Click Here to View
Stops in Wichita, Topeka, Manhattan and Lawrence
After Thanksgiving, I was able to visit Memorial Stadium at KU and help celebrate a big Wildcat victory in the Sunflower Showdown with Governor and Mary Brownback and Kansas State President Kirk Schulz. Congratulations, Cats, on the win, and we&rsquo;re looking forward to the bowl game!
Next, I drove down to Wichita for several great stops. First was a chance to visit with John Tomblin, the Executive Director for the National Institute for Aviation Research at Wichita State University. The structural aviation research occurring in Wichita is groundbreaking and important for Kansas and America.
Then it was over to a lunch with the folks at the Wichita Chamber of Commerce to discuss their legislative agenda and join them in recognizing my dedicated staff member - Karin Wisdom - who has served the community and Kansas for 20 years. Karin is retiring this month, and we all wish her good luck!
I rounded out the day in Manhattan, attending the 95th Kansas Farm Bureau Annual Meeting.
With nearly a thousand Kansans in attendance, we had great turnout of producers and community leaders this year. We had the chance to discuss the progress of the Farm Bill and the need for certainty for all agriculture producers. I truly appreciate all the support, advice and counsel from my friends at the Kansas Farm Bureau. There is no doubt, KFB is - The Voice of Kansas agriculture.
Click Here to View My Remarks at the Kansas Farm Bureau Annual Meeting
My last stop before returning to Washington for votes was with an extraordinary group of young leaders at Washburn University. It was a great listening session with an open forum of ideas and opinions being shared by everyone in attendance. The future of Kansas looks bright with impressive students like these leading the way.
Check Senator Roberts' Website, YouTube and Facebook Sites for Updates
You can visit my YouTube site for more information on what's happening in Washington, D.C. and Kansas by visiting
www.youtube.com/SenPatRoberts . It's a great place to find speeches and debates on the Senate floor, press conferences, interviews and Senate hearings. You can also stay updated on all these happenings on my
Facebook
and
Twitter sites.
If you wish to contact me about an issue or want more information, please visit my website,
roberts.senate.gov .
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
