:
- Two-year budget agreement would avoid government shutdown in January, provide certainty to businesses and families, and return budget process to regular order.
- Bipartisan agreement would provide sequester relief for defense and domestic priorities-fully offset by concrete savings and reforms-and further reduce the deficit.
- Short-term agreement breaks through partisan gridlock and can serve as foundation for continued bipartisan work.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller Statement on Passage of Bipartisan Budget Agreement
Dec 12, 2013
WASHINGTON &#8211; U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) today made following statement upon the U.S. House of Representatives&#8217;
passage (332 to 94) of H.J.Res.59 - The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013.
This two-year budget agreement will provide certainty to businesses and families, and return the budget process to regular order.
Miller said:
&#8220;I was proud to support the overwhelmingly bipartisan passage of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013.
The adoption of this
budget allows for several important results that benefit the American people.
First, it puts in place long overdue cuts to mandatory spending, which is the real driver of our debt and deficit, and limits the impact of sequester cuts that were due to hit entirely
on the American Military in just one month.
In fact, the cuts to mandatory spending total $83 billion and the sequester relief calls for spending an additional $63 billion meaning that American taxpayers saves $20 billion more than if we had done nothing
and simply allowed the sequester to hit the military.
So the net result is less spending and a stronger military.
&#8220;Secondly, it achieves these spending and deficit reductions without increasing taxes.
Some have suggested that this bill
includes tax increases, but that is simply not true.
This bill has no changes to the Internal Revenue Code and there are no increases in statutory or effective tax rates.
Due to the fact that this budget deal does not increase tax rates at all, it preserves
the opportunity to work next year toward fundamental and pro-growth tax reform that is desperately needed to get our economy moving.
I held firm to my commitment to not vote for any tax increase that pays for more government spending and instead continue
to focus on tax reform that will help to grow our economy, not the size of government.
&#8220;Additionally, the savings to mandatory spending come about largely due to a requirement that new federal workers pay more
for their pensions.
In Southeast Michigan we have seen what happens when private industry does not make these types of common sense pension reforms and also in government where the City of Detroit&#8217;s refusal to address this problem is a part of the reason
that the city was forced into bankruptcy.
This action puts the federal pension system on more sustainable ground and will save the taxpayers tens of billions of dollars.
&#8220;Finally, this budget shows the American people that their Congress can function.
In the last two elections the voters
sent to Washington a divided Congress with the House controlled by Republicans and the Senate controlled by Democrats.
The voters who sent us here expect both parties to work together and compromise despite our very different views on how to move this nation
forward.
This agreement is certainly not what I would have preferred.
I was proud to vote for the Ryan Budget each of the last three years which dramatically reduced spending and put our nation on a path to a balanced budget and paying off our debt over
time, but this type of budget is simply not possible given the current makeup of Congress.
While not perfect, this agreement makes important steps in the right direction.
It also allows Congress to return to its constitutionally mandated responsibility of
the power of the purse.
For each of the last four years, Congress has been operating on continuing resolutions which abdicate that responsibility to the Executive Branch and locks in wasteful or unnecessary spending.
With the passage of this budget, Congress
can perform its duties to direct federal funding, eliminate waste and redirect precious tax dollars to today&#8217;s priorities.
&#8220;As the American people enter this Christmas and holiday season the last thing they are hoping to find under the tree is
more dysfunction in the federal government and another government shutdown.
The passage of this budget takes that possibility off the table and provides certainty to our economy that the government will continue to function.
Now we can go forward and address
the many challenges before us and hopefully continue to find solutions to those challenges.&#8221;
Note:
The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (H.J.Res.59) :
- Two-year budget agreement would avoid government shutdown in January, provide certainty to businesses and families, and
return budget process to regular order.
- Bipartisan agreement would provide sequester relief for defense and domestic priorities&#8212;fully offset by concrete savings
and reforms&#8212;and further reduce the deficit.
- Short-term agreement breaks through partisan gridlock and can serve as foundation for continued bipartisan work.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
