
December 21, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
As we approach the end of the year, I want to wish you and your families a very happy holiday and prosperous New Year.
Here are a few updates I would like to share with you from this past Congressional Work Week which I spent across the 28th District of Texas.
Congratulations to the Laredo Center for the Arts!
Congressman Henry Cuellar, Gabriel Castillo, Executive Director of the Laredo Center for the Arts, Gabriela Carriedo Vice President Marketing and Public Relations for IBC, and Laredo Center for the Arts Board Members present the grant earned by LCA through a competitive application process.
This week, I joined my friend Gabriel Castillo, Executive Director of the Laredo Center for the Arts, in announcing that the LCA had won a competitive grant from the National Endowment for the Arts.
The $10,000 grant will fund the Book Nook Academy, a weekly class that exposes young students to the world of arts, with workshops on musical theater, the culinary arts, traditional dance troupes, broadcast journalism, and more.
The Laredo Center for the Arts and the International Bank of Commerce matched the grant.
I am pleased to see the federal government partnering with the Laredo Center for the Arts to further the promotion of the arts here in Laredoespecially amongst our communitys youth.
I applaud the Laredo Center for the Arts for its success application and I look forward to seeing the results of its continued efforts to engage children in the world of the arts.
Zapata County Health Insurance Marketplace Workshop
Zapata County residents attend a workshop hosted by my office to provide more information on the new health insurance marketplace and how to access local help.
We had a great turnout at our health insurance marketplace community workshop last week in Zapata County. Over 30 people attended and five signed up for plans during the workshop.
For more help or to find local information, visit www.localhelp.healthcare.gov or call 1-800-318-2596.
Please contact my office with any additional questions or concerns:
Laredo District Office
602 East Calton Road, Suite 2
Laredo, Texas 78041
956-725-0639
Bright Future for South Texas College
This week, my outreach coordinator for Starr County, Nichole Hernandez, attended an event hosted by the South Texas College Board of Trustees and Starr County elected officials to celebrate the prosperous future of the STC which received an additional $159 million in support this year.
The milestone reached by this community, will help generate more access to various college education programs and resources for STC students in Starr County.
Starr County Outreach Coordinator Nichole Hernandez represented my office at a meeting of the South Texas College
Neighborhood Office Hours in McMullen County
My outreach coordinator for Wilson, Atascosa, and McMullen Counties, Gilbert Lafuente, met with McMullen County Commissioner this past week.
Gilbert and Max Quintanilla discussed ways in which my office can be of service at Mr. Quintanilla's restaurant, Max's.
Outreach Coordinator Gilbert Lafuente meets with McMullen County Commissioner Max Quintanilla to discuss constituent services in McMullen County.
Mexican Energy Reform - Jobs for South Texas
This week, the Mexican Congress passed historic energy reform that will open the state-controlled energy sector to foreign investment, creating opportunities for American jobs and positive economic impact.
The passage of energy reform will make the United States, Canada, and Mexico the new Middle East of the world.
Read more in my guest column in this week's San Antonio Express:
ttp://www.mysanantonio.com/opinion/commentary/article/Mexican-energy-reform-helps-North-America-5072639.php .
Attention College Students!
The Department of Homeland Security is offering 100 unpaid student volunteer assignments at field offices across the country. Interns will support cyber security operations at DHS's forensic labs. Internship opportunities are available in Austin, Dallas, Houston, El Paso, and San Antonio, as well as other locations across the country.
The deadline for application is January 3, 2014. Interns will begin in Spring 2014 and participate throughout the summer. Learn more about the program and begin your application at
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/356670600
Follow Me on Twitter
Sincerely,
Congressman Henry Cuellar
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
McAllen Monitor , 12/19/13:
Commentary - Mexico Energy Reform Helps North America
Laredo Morning Times , 12/18/13:
Laredo Center for the Arts Receives Grant
Newscenter 23 Rio Grande Valley,
12/17/13:
Congressman Cuellar Reports 700,000 Texans Receive Rebate through the Affordable Care Act
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here