
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
December 30, 2013
A New Year
Wednesday will mark the beginning of a new year and with it renewed
opportunities. Given the honor of serving the citizens of Georgia's Sixth
Congressional District, I know it is my duty to begin the new year
focused on the challenges ahead for our communities, our state, and our
country. First and foremost among them is our economy. As I mentioned last
week, there's been noticeable improvement in our economy over the
past year, but that's no reason to become complacent about the current
state of joblessness and ongoing financial insecurity for millions of
Americans. So we must continue to focus on relieving the impediments to
economic growth -- like an inefficient, bloated tax code and
dangerously high national debt.
The new
year will also bring with it the real beginning of Obamacare's
implementation. We've seen the rollout and sign-up process for the
president's health care law turn into the sort of painful reminder of big
government failures that the American people simply did not need. We know
millions have seen their health care plans cancelled and with one
stumble and delay after another the White House is sowing more confusion
and disarray into the health care system.
As I have maintained from the very beginning, it is not
enough simply to criticize Obamacare. It is important to present solutions
that would improve our health care system to make it work better for
patients, families, and physicians. That is why in the new year I look
forward to continuing the fight for patient-centered health care
solutions like those in our bill H.R. 2300, the
Empowering Patients First Act .
There's plenty to look forward to and plenty to accomplish in
the new year. I look forward to embracing these opportunities and
challenges head-on.
Betty and I wish
you a very Happy New Year.
Please
Feel Free to Tell a Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington DC
Office
100 Cannon House
Office Building
Washington DC
20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District
Office:
85-C Mill Street,
Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
