
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Week of December 16, 2013
Season&rsquo;s Greetings
May you have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
Click on the image below to view a special Christmas greeting from Senator McConnell:
McConnell Shines Light on Kentuckians&rsquo; Coal Jobs Concerns
&lsquo;So the EPA has the testimony I heard in Pikeville, whether they want it or not. Eastern Kentucky is going to continue to push back in this War on Coal.&rsquo;
Since the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) refused to host a &ldquo;listening session&rdquo; in coal country, Senator McConnell held a pro-coal listening session of his own in Pikeville, Kentucky on December 6th. On Tuesday, every comment and testimony from the hearing was delivered to the EPA. On Wednesday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor sharing the powerful testimony and comments he heard from Kentuckians.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;It is apparently too easy for EPA bureaucrats in Washington to make decisions that have a huge impact on the people of eastern Kentucky, without thinking of the consequences. And, I might add, without bothering to meet face-to-face with the people they hurt.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
During his floor speech, Senator McConnell used a photo of Howard Abshire and Jimmy Rose from eastern Kentucky who both spoke at the hearing:
&ldquo;Behind me is a picture of Howard Abshire. Howard is a former production foreman and a fourth-generation coal miner. Sitting in the audience during his testimony was Howard&rsquo;s son, Griffin, a fifth-generation coal miner.
&ldquo;Both Howard and Griffin are out of work. Two of the over 5,000 Kentucky jobs lost in the War on Coal were theirs.
&ldquo;Howard is holding up a piece of coal to show us just what&rsquo;s at stake&mdash;coal mining is what the EPA wants to stamp out, but coal is also the powerful substance that powers our homes, provides light and heat, and fuels the commerce of goods and services worldwide.
&ldquo;&lsquo;This is coal,&rsquo; he said when he held that piece up. &lsquo;This keeps the lights on.&rsquo;
&ldquo;Howard is only one of many coal miners laid off for lack of coal mining work. &lsquo;Look in our schools. Look in our nursing homes. Look in our pharmacies. We&rsquo;re hurting,&rsquo; he said. &lsquo;We need help. We don&rsquo;t want to be bailed out. We want to work.&rsquo;
&ldquo;Seated next to Howard is Jimmy Rose, a veteran and former coal miner. Jimmy was perhaps the most famous attendee at the listening session because he brought attention to the War on Coal to a national television audience on &lsquo;America&rsquo;s Got Talent.&rsquo; His song &lsquo;Coal Keeps the Lights On&rsquo; spoke directly to the hardship in his community largely caused by the War on Coal.
&ldquo;&lsquo;It&rsquo;s in our heritage, it&rsquo;s in our blood,&rsquo; Jimmy said. Addressing the administration, Jimmy said: &lsquo;Look at what you&rsquo;re doing, and who you&rsquo;re affecting&hellip;Coal mining is a way of life, just like I say in the song. Don&rsquo;t kill our way of life. I hope one day I can always say coal kept the lights on.&rsquo;&rdquo;
&ldquo;The abundance of coal in America, and in Kentucky in particular, is a God-given resource. For decades it has powered our factories, transported our goods, and warmed our homes.
It is equally vital that we not give up on eastern Kentucky&rsquo;s present. And coal is the key to the present in eastern Kentucky. The main message conveyed to the EPA was that the people of Kentucky will not be silenced. The War of Coal is not over, not by a long shot.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view Senator McConnell&rsquo;s pro-coal listening session in Pikeville on Dec. 6th Video credit: PikeTV in Pikeville, Kentucky
Senator McConnell Leads Kentucky Delegation in Challenging U.S. Supreme Court to Support Kentucky Coal Jobs
On Monday, Senator McConnell filed an
amicus
brief in the United States Supreme Court to support Kentucky&rsquo;s coal miners, their families, small businesses and all those negatively affected by the Administration&rsquo;s War on Coal. An
amicus
brief is a brief filed in a court by someone who is not a party in the case. Senator McConnell&rsquo;s legal brief was joined by Senator Rand Paul and Congressmen Hal Rogers, Ed Whitfield, Brett Guthrie, Thomas Massie and Andy Barr.
Senator McConnell said: &ldquo;The President and the EPA have been misusing the 2007 ruling and subsequent regulations on automobiles to overregulate new and existing coal-fired power plants out of business, thus escalating their war on coal and Kentucky jobs. I am filing this
amicus
brief with the Supreme Court today because I believe the Obama Administration is usurping the lawmaking power. The EPA should not have used the Tailpipe Rule to further regulate coal-fired power plants. This is just another EPA power grab in their ongoing crusade to shut down our nation&rsquo;s coal mines, and it must be stopped.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read a report from the
Associated Press :
&ldquo;Kentucky Lawmakers File Brief in Case Before High Court&rdquo;
Senators Paul and McConnell Introduce
Economic Freedom Zones Act
On Wednesday, Senators Rand Paul and Mitch McConnell introduced the
Economic Freedom Zones Act of 2013 ; legislation that would help facilitate the creation of new jobs, enhance and renew educational and entrepreneurial opportunities and increase community involvement. &ldquo;I am proud to co-sponsor Senator Paul&rsquo;s bill and I applaud him for his work to help distressed areas around the nation, including those in Kentucky,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;In addition to helping bring businesses to distressed areas, this legislation will assist in job creation by unraveling burdensome federal regulations and dramatically reducing taxes that are stifling economic development.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read Senators Paul and McConnell&rsquo;s legislation.
McConnell: Kentuckians Upset about Higher Costs, Fewer Options under Obamacare
'But that&rsquo;s the reality of Obamacare for too many Kentuckians &ndash; a state where 280,000 have already lost the coverage they had because of this law. It&rsquo;s a reality facing millions of Americans across the country.'
Throughout the week, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor regarding the consequences of Obamacare on Kentuckians.
He also called on Washington Democrats to help stop the painful impact of Obamacare by working with Republicans on commonsense health care reform.
Millions of Americans are now facing the real-life consequences of Obamacare, including dropped coverage and higher premiums. Americans will continue to suffer under a law they told Washington not to pass in the first place, a law that Washington Democrats still stubbornly refuse to erase and start over with real reform.
This week during his Senate floor speeches, Senator McConnell continued highlighting comments from Kentuckians on Obamacare. Since the October rollout, millions of Americans have lost their insurance plans. More than 280,000 have lost coverage in Kentucky alone.
Senator McConnell shared stories from constituents in Brandenburg and Sweeden, Kentucky: &ldquo;A mom from Brandenburg, Kentucky told me the annual out-of-pocket expenses for her family rose from $1,500 to $7,000 under Obamacare&hellip;.And in Sweeden, a Kentuckian had a health plan he liked and wanted to keep &ndash; a $540 a month policy that was, in his words, &lsquo;perfect&rsquo; for his family. The folks responsible for Obamacare apparently thought they knew better than he did about the needs of his family, so he lost it.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell is committed to working to repeal Obamacare and starting over with real reform that will improve our nation&rsquo;s health care system in a positive way &ndash; to help us implement real, patient-centered, common-sense reforms that can actually lower costs and improve the quality of care.
Click on image below to watch Senator McConnell talk about what he&rsquo;s hearing from Kentuckians on Obamacare.
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Health Care Townhalls Across Kentucky
Senator McConnell has made visits all across the Commonwealth to hear from Kentuckians at health care facilities about their experiences with Obamacare and how it is affecting their families and communities. Senator McConnell has held nearly 60 hospital town hall meetings to discuss Obamacare&rsquo;s impact on Kentuckians and Kentucky small businesses.
Senator McConnell continues to hear from many Kentuckians regarding the negative impact that Obamacare is having on them.
Be a part of the discussion - How is Obamacare affecting you, your family or your small business? Click
HERE
to share your story with Senator McConnell.
Kentuckians Intern for Senator McConnell in Washington, D.C.
This past semester, Senator McConnell welcomed four Kentuckians to his Washington, D.C. office to serve as interns. The students are from across Kentucky: Bardstown, Louisville, Fort Wright, and Campbellsville. For more information on the internship program or the U.S. Senate Page Program, visit Senator McConnell&rsquo;s website
HERE .
L-R: Logan Wolfe of Campbellsville, Sara Kroger from Fort Wright, Senator McConnell, Mollie Moore from Louisville, Jack Whitfield from Bardstown.
In the Media
Click
HERE
to read the most recent op-ed Senator McConnell has penned for Kentucky newspapers:
&ldquo;What I Heard From Kentuckians During Field Hearing In Coal Country&rdquo;
On Thursday, Senator McConnell appeared on Fox News Channel's &ldquo;The Real Story with Gretchen Carlson&rdquo; to talk about Obamacare and the need for it to be pulled out root and branch.
Click the image below to view Senator McConnell&rsquo;s interview on Fox News.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation's capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
