
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
Congresswoman
Jackie Walorski
Representing the 2nd District
December 16, 2013
Dear
David,
Merry Christmas and happy holidays to you
and your family!
Last week the House wrapped up the First
Session of the 113 th
Congress by passing some important
legislation, including a budget deal and defense
bill.
The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013
represents a compromise between the House and Senate budget plans.
It is not a perfect bill, but it will help Congress move in the right
direction as we start to pay down our $17 trillion national
debt.
The National
Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) is the annual funding authorization
measure for our Armed Forces.
I am pleased that this years bill
includes legislation I authored to extend whistleblower protections to
military sexual assault victims.
This commonsense, bipartisan
measure will immediately create a safe environment for victims and
encourage reporting to quickly eradicate this horrific epidemic in the Armed
Forces.
In
other news, we will be holding
staff office hours
this week in Starke, Winamac, Syracuse, Wabash, and Peru.
As
always, please feel free to stop by our Rochester office on Tuesdays and
Thursdays.
Please keep reading for other updates.
Thank you for your time,
and happy holidays!
Sincerely,
Jackie
Walorski
What's Your
Story?
I continue to hear disturbing stories about
cancelled insurance plans, increased health care costs, and fewer
choices because of Obamacare.
Do you have a story you want to
share? Please connect with us today.
Yes,
I want to share my story.
House Passes Bipartisan Budget Act
of 2013
On Thursday evening, the House
passed the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 by a vote of
332-94.
This bill is not perfect, but it is a step in the right
direction.
I voted "yes" so Congress can build a foundation for
long-term reform and deficit reduction-- without raising
taxes.
Instead of across the board spending cuts, this deal enacts
smarter, less harmful spending cuts that will chip away at our onerous $17
trillion debt.
If this budget plan is signed into law,
there will be certainty for the business community going into the new
year.
The Senate is scheduled to vote on the budget deal this
week.
Click here to read my
statement.
Walorski Op-Ed: Why I
voted "yes" on the budget deal
Want to hear
more about my budget vote?
Click here to
read my editorial in the South Bend
Tribune
Gabriella Miller Kid's First Research Act
Clears the House
The Gabriella Miller Kid's
First Research Act will redirect $126 million from presidential
campaign and election funds to pediatric medical research.
This
commonsense legislation is supported by several childrens advocacy
associations, including the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation
(JDRF).
Last week, it was a privilege to meet with some incredible
Hoosier families and community members with the JDRF (pictured on the
right).
Your stories were truly inspiring!
I
am hopeful the Senate will quickly take up this bill and help our
families as we continue to search for important cures.
Read more from the Elkhart
Truth.
Walorski Military Sexual Assault Legislation Included
in 2014 Defense Bill
With a vote of 350-69,
the House passed the fiscal year 2014 National Defense Authorization
Act (NDAA), which included my military sexual assault provisions to
extend whistleblower protections to servicemembers.
The defense
bill serves as a key mechanism for our servicemembers, ensuring the
Armed Forces are able to successfully carry out the mission at home and
abroad.
Inclusion of my provisions, from H.R. 1864,
marks an historic breakthrough for our military.
The extension
of whistleblower protections will start to combat the growing military
sexual assault epidemic and create an environment for safe
reporting.
This improvement is a critical first step toward eradicating
this horrific crime and encouraging victims to come forward without fear
of retribution within their very own ranks.
I am pleased to
see this bill pass with bipartisan support and urge my Senate
colleagues to swiftly send the NDAA to the presidents desk for his
signature.
Click here to watch my floor speech
during general debate.
24th Annual Bremen DARE Graduation
Last week,
I joined over 100 young Hoosiers in Bremen for their DARE graduation
ceremony.
As the wife of a schoolteacher, I am constantly impressed
with the talent and creativity of young Hoosiers who are ready to make
a positive impact in our communities.
It was a privilege to join the
Bremen community to congratulate this years DARE graduates.
I
am confident the skills garnered in this important course will
motivate our future leaders to make smart choices and work hard to build
healthy communities.
Special thanks to Bremen Police Chief Matt Hassel,
local law enforcement, school officials, and our Hoosier families for
making all of this possible!
Keep up the good
work!
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
