
A bill that could qualify the Great Lakes for more federal dredging funds has made it through the U.S. House and Senate, but may not be in the clear until January.
Congresswoman Candice Miller, R-Harrison Township, said the Water Resources Reform and Development Act garnered wide support as it moved through the House and Senate.
Now the two bills passed by the House and Senate are being reconciled by a committee, on which Miller is a conferee.
She believes the reconciled bill should be ready for a final vote in the House and Senate in January.
"You just have a very, very wide spectrum of support for this," Miller said.
The bill includes a provision that classifies the Great Lakes as a unified navigation system. Miller said this will qualify the Great Lakes for more funding, ensuring that individual ports aren't competing against each other for funding.
"You essentially had everybody pitted against each other fighting for a piece of the pie," Miller said. "By changing the formula - the policy, so to speak - we will be treated much more equitably in the future."
Miller said federal funding to the Great Lakes has been sparse, with little for dredging despite low lake levels.
The Black River in Port Huron, Lexington State Harbor, and Port Sanilac Harbor of Refuge received more than a million dollars in emergency dredging funding from the state this spring, enabling the harbors to dredge paths for boaters.
The dredging helped to stem the river and harbors' loss of recreational boaters, but the low lake levels also affected freighter traffic, limiting the cargo loads they can carry in the Great Lakes.
Miller said the effect on commercial and recreational opportunities can't be overlooked.
"We know what a critical component the maritime industry is to our economy," Miller said.
As passed through the House, WRRDA also would designate some of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund to smaller recreational harbors, as well as increase spending targets for the fund.
Shipping fees contribute to the trust fund. The money is supposed to be put toward navigational channels or ports, but the fund had ballooned to about $7 billion at the end of 2012 with little being spent on channels and ports.
"I've been one who's been a very strong proponent of having the money in the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund spent for the use that it's designed for," Miller said.
"For a number of years, Congress has been pulling that money to put it in other spots. I think that is wrong."
But Miller said an effort to release more of the trust fund for dredging and harbor projects is garnering support in Congress.
At the end of November, 13 U.S. Senators - including Carl Levin and Debbie Stabenow - and 34 Representatives sent letters to the committee reconciling the bills, asking that the Great Lakes be recognized as one navigation systems and that 15 percent of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund be designated for that system.
"We really are getting some movement here," she said.
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
In Case You Missed It:
Great Lakes funding gathers support
Final passage in Congress likely next month
Beth LeBlanc,
Port Huron Times Herald
A bill that could qualify the Great Lakes for more federal dredging funds has made it through the U.S. House and Senate, but may not be in the clear until January.
Congresswoman Candice Miller, R-Harrison Township, said the Water Resources Reform and Development Act garnered wide support as it moved through the House and Senate.
Now the two bills passed by the House and Senate are being reconciled by a committee, on which Miller is a conferee.
She believes the reconciled bill should be ready for a final vote in the House and Senate in January.
&#8220;You just have a very, very wide spectrum of support for this,&#8221; Miller said.
The bill includes a provision that classifies the Great Lakes as a unified navigation system. Miller said this will qualify the Great Lakes for more funding, ensuring
that individual ports aren&#8217;t competing against each other for funding.
&#8220;You essentially had everybody pitted against each other fighting for a piece of the pie,&#8221; Miller said. &#8220;By changing the formula &#8212; the policy, so to speak &#8212; we will be
treated much more equitably in the future.&#8221;
Miller said federal funding to the Great Lakes has been sparse, with little for dredging despite low lake levels.
The Black River in Port Huron, Lexington State Harbor, and Port Sanilac Harbor of Refuge received more than a million dollars in emergency dredging funding from the state
this spring, enabling the harbors to dredge paths for boaters.
The dredging helped to stem the river and harbors&#8217; loss of recreational boaters, but the low lake levels also affected freighter traffic, limiting the cargo loads they
can carry in the Great Lakes.
Miller said the effect on commercial and recreational opportunities can&#8217;t be overlooked.
&#8220;We know what a critical component the maritime industry is to our economy,&#8221; Miller said.
As passed through the House, WRRDA also would designate some of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund to smaller recreational harbors, as well as increase spending targets
for the fund.
Shipping fees contribute to the trust fund. The money is supposed to be put toward navigational channels or ports, but the fund had ballooned to about $7 billion at the
end of 2012 with little being spent on channels and ports.
&#8220;I&#8217;ve been one who&#8217;s been a very strong proponent of having the money in the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund spent for the use that it&#8217;s designed for,&#8221; Miller said.
&#8220;For a number of years, Congress has been pulling that money to put it in other spots. I think that is wrong.&#8221;
But Miller said an effort to release more of the trust fund for dredging and harbor projects is garnering support in Congress.
At the end of November, 13 U.S. Senators &#8212; including Carl Levin and Debbie Stabenow &#8212; and 34 Representatives sent letters to the committee reconciling the bills, asking
that the Great Lakes be recognized as one navigation systems and that 15 percent of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund be designated for that system.
&#8220;We really are getting some movement here,&#8221; she said.
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
