
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing
the 36th District
December 30, 2013
The
Hill Report
Congressman Steve Stockman's Weekly
Newsletter
Stockman's 2013 Service Academy Nominations
Selected
Congressman Stockman is pleased
to nominate to Americas service academies the following outstanding
applicants.
The Congressman was proud to assist these fine
candidates to realize their goals of serving our great nation, and
stated, I am so proud of the students from Texas 36 th
District, and am especially pleased with the level of their qualifications
to compete for an appointment from any of the U.S. Service
Academies.
"I know they will represent their families, schools,
communities, and Texas with distinction and honor.
Burke,
Richard and Stoveken were additionally honored by being designated as
Principal Nominees.
Campbell J.
(CJ) Burke
was nominated to the United States Naval Academy.
Burke is a senior attending Deer Parke High School where he maintains a
GPA of 5.107. Burke participates in the
Leadership Training for
Christ group and the choir. He is also a member of the Math Honor
Society (Mu Alpha Theta), National Honor Society (rank 31 of 1040),
selected for Peer Assisted Leadership, and Interact Club.
Burke was
nominated to Boys State-Texas American Legion (3 selected from
940).
Jacob P. Richard
of Orange, Texas was
nominated to the United States Air Force Academy. He attends the Little
Cypress-Mauriceville School where he maintains a GPA of 4.95. Richard was
nominated an All American Scholar from the United States Achievement
Academy,
was State Competitor in Academic UIL, placing
7 th
out of 762 competitors, and was Junior Star Student in 2012-13.
Richard is a member of the Key Club, National Honor Society, and a
varsity cross county athlete.
Cole V. Stoveken
was nominated to the United States Naval Academy, and to the United
States Merchant Marine Academy. He resides in Seabrook, Texas and
attends Clear Lake High School, where he maintains a GPA of 4.53. Stoveken
was elected to the Clear Lake High School Varsity Football Leadership
Counsel, participated in track, shot put and discus, and assists
mentally challenged and physically disabled children in little league
baseball.
Alexander Knoedler
of Seabrook, TX,
has been nominated to the US Naval Academy, and was recently notified
that he has been offered an appointment to the
Academy.
Forest Walker Bell
was nominated to the United States Air
Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Bell is a 2012
graduate of Clear Lake High School in Houston, Texas, and attends Stephen
F. Austin State University where he has twice been on the Deans List
with honors. In addition to these accomplishments, Bell had the
prestigious nomination of Students for Liberty.
Jacob D.
Connor
was nominated to the United States Air Force Academy.
He resides in Silsbee, Texas, and is a senior at Evadale High School
(EHS) in Evadale, Texas, and also attends classes at Lamar State
College in Orange, Texas. He is ranked as number one in his
class.
Megan Theresa Rose
was nominated to the
United States Naval Academy, and to the United States Merchant Marine
Academy at Kings Point, New York.
Rose is in her senior year at
Clear Lake High School in Houston, Texas where she has achieved
recognition for her many qualities, and she was inducted into the National Honor
Society in 2011.
Neil Hernandez
was
nominated to the United States Air Force Academy. Hernandez is a senior at
Lee High School (LHS) in Baytown, Texas. He is currently ranked in the
top ten percent of his graduating class and a member of Mu Alpha
Theta.
Daniel J. Kasprzak
was nominated to the
United States Naval Academy.
He resides in Crosby, Texas while
attending Crosby High School, where he maintains a GPA of 4.0.
Kasprzak has been a member of the junior varsity and varsity football team
and the junior varsity and varsity soccer
team.
Henry R. Garcia 3 rd
was nominated to the United
States Air Force Academy, and to the United States Merchant Marine
Academy.
Garcia resides in La Porte, Texas where he attends La Porte
High School (LPHS) where he maintains a GPA of
4.8.
Jacob P. Richard
was nominated to the United States Air
Force Academy.
Richard resides in Orange, Texas where he attends
Little Cypress-Mauriceville School.
He maintains a GPA of
4.95. Richard was nominated an All American Scholar from the United
States Achievement Academy.
Joshua Caleb Sims
was nominated to the United States Naval Academy.
Sims resides
in Winnie, Texas where he attends East Chambers High School.
He
maintains a GPA of 3.9. Sims is a member of the National Honor Society,
Fellowship of Christian Athletes, Student Council, and the Honor Roll
for four years.
Mackenzie Scott Jones
was
nominated to the United States Naval Academy, and to the United
States Merchant Marine Academy at Kings Point, New York.
Jones
resides in Seabrook, Texas and attended Clear Falls High School, where he
maintained a GPA of 4.73. Jones is a National Technical Honor Society
member, and is on the Aeronautical Team.
Michael C.
Fuller
was nominated to the United States Military
Academy.
Fuller resides in Hull, Texas while attending Hull-Daisetta High
School where he maintains GPA of 3.88. Fuller has been a member of the
varsity cross country team, the basketball team and the varsity track
team where he was MVP 2 years, and was a regional qualifier in
numerous events.
Tristan David Dunn
was nominated
to the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland.
Dunn
is the son of John and Rebecca Dunn and resides in Orange, Texas
where he attends Orange Field High School and maintains a GPA of 3.8. Dunn
was inducted into the National Honor Society and the National
Forensic Team, is President of the Lincoln-Douglas debate team, is team
captain of the Robotics club, and participated in the UIL One-Act Play.
Jonathan Scott Lee
was nominated to
the United States Military Academy.
Lee is a 2012 graduate of Ross
Sterling High School where he maintained a 3.707 GPA.
He is
currently attending the United States Military Academy Preparatory School
in West Point, New York. While in high school, Lee played baseball
and tennis, was a member of the Key Club, Honor Society, Fellowship of
Christian Athletes, Christian Student Union, PALS and Student
Council.
Parker Cole Callender
was nominated to the
United States Military Academy at West Point, New York.
Callender is a 2012 graduate of Clear Springs High School where he maintained
a 3.5 GPA.
He is currently attending the United States Military
Academy Preparatory School in West Point, New York. While in high
school, Callender played basketball, earning his varsity letter 3 years
in a row while serving as captain his junior and senior
year.
Betty Ann Ballard
was nominated to the United
States Naval Academy.
Ballard is a 2012 graduate of Hull-Daisetta
High School, and is currently attending Grey Stone Academy at Schreiner
University in Kerrville, Texas.
Ballard was ranked first in her
high school class while earning a GPA of
3.90.
Christopher Joseph Tanega
was nominated to the United States
Naval Academy.
Tanega is a 2012 graduate of Clear Horizons
Early College High School where he maintained a 4.78 GPA.
He is
currently attending the Greystone Academy at Schreiner University in
Kerrville, Texas. Tanega attained the rank of Eagle Scout in
2013.
Megan Brooke Cessna
was nominated to the
United States Naval Academy.
Cessna is a 2012 graduate of Ross S.
Sterling High School where she maintained a 4.88 GPA and was 16th in
her class.
She is currently attending the Greystone Academy at
Schreiner University in Kerrville, Texas. While in high school, Cessna
was a member of the National Honors
Society.
Pearce Sauls
was nominated to the US Naval Academy. He is
currently attending prep school.
Vanessa
Medford
is currently serving in the United States Navy. She has been
nominated to the US Naval Academy.
Kolton Fields
is currently serving in the US Navy. He has been nominated to the US
Naval Academy.
NASA High School
Aerospace Scholar Program Selectee
Congressman Stockman was pleased
Christopher Hodge of Cleveland, Texas has been selected to apply for the
NASA High School Aerospace Scholar Program.
Hodge is a junior
at Cleveland High School and excels in the Air Force Junior ROTC. He
was selected for one of the few NASA scholarships out of thousands of
applicants in Texas. This opportunity will help Hodge achieve his goal
to become an engineer.
Learn more about the
NASA High School Aerospace Scholar Program .
Photo:
Christopher Hodge with AFJROTC Lt. Col. Robert Hunt. Credit: Cleveland
Advocate
NASA Voted Best Place to
Work for Two Years in a Row
NASA has been voted as the best
place to work in the Federal government for the second year in a row.
NASA usually places at or near the top of the list, and this is a
testament to employees' pride in our space program and hard work to help
America reach the highest frontiers.
Source:
survey by the Partnership for Public
Service .
Connect with
Steve:
If you arent already following Congressman Stockman
on the web and social media, get connected for the latest news and
commentaries!
www.Stockman.House.gov
www.Facebook.com/CongressmanStockman
www.Twitter.com/SteveWorks4You
www.Youtube.com/SteveStockmanTX
District Offices
8060 Spencer Highway, Building 1, Suite 108
Pasadena, TX 77505 - (281) 478 2799
907 E. Houston St. Cleveland, TX 77327 - (409) 883
8028
420 Green Avenue
Orange, TX 77630 - (409) 883 8075
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
