
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
January 23, 2014
Reducing the Burdens of Public Lands
Last week the Senate
voted on a 1,500 page omnibus appropriations bill that spends over $1
trillion dollars of the hard-working taxpayer's money.
While this
bill funded many things, one of the programs it didn't fund was
PILT.
This is an acronym with which most Americans, and probably even
most members of Congress, are not familiar. It stands for, Payment
in Lieu of Taxes. The program was developed so as to help those
states, including the state of Utah, in which the vast majority of the land
is owned by the federal government.
Being from a public
land state, presents some substantial challenges. Among those
challenges is the fact that the federal government has legislated this land as
being beyond the authority of states and their political sub-divisions
to tax. We can't collect property tax revenue from any of that
land.
For this reason, the PILT program was created to try to offset, at
least to some degree, the heavy cost, and the disproportionate burden
that is placed on the shoulders of public land states and communities.
So each year, congress funds this program, and this program then
partially offsets the lack of property tax revenue flowing through these
public land states and communities.
As it is becoming
painfully clear that the federal government cannot be trusted to uphold its
end of the bargain when it comes to managing hundreds of millions of
acres of public land in the West, it is time to re-evaluate and reform
the PILT program.
At the very least, PILT needs to be reformed to
provide funding that more closely approximates the amount of revenue
counties could collect if federal land were taxed like other land in
the state.
As long as the federal government owns and controls
these lands PILT funding should be categorized as
mandatory.
To learn more about what I plan to do, you can check out the floor
speech I delivered on this issue:
http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/reducing-the-burdens-of-public-land
You can read about the amendment to the omnibus bill that I
cosponsored that would have reduced funding for international climate
change programs in order to fund PILT.
The federal government
should uphold the commitments it made to states to fund PILT before it
funds international climate change programs:
http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/hatch-lee-push-to-restore-funding-for-pilt-program
You can also watch these highlights
from a conference call I held with several of Utah's county
commissioners.
I would like to thank the county commissioners who took
the time to participate in this call for the valuable feedback they
provided:
http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2014/1/fighting-for-pilt
Washington, D.C.
Office
316 Hart Senate Office
Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax: 202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building
125 South State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT 84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St. George
Office of Senator
Michael S. Lee
285 West Tabernacle,
Suite 200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
