
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
November 24, 2013
Dear Friend,
As we look forward to celebrating Thanksgiving,
I am reminded of the many reasons we give thanks and count blessings.
We are fortunate to live in the greatest country on Earth, where we
are bestowed with numerous blessings, including freedom, opportunity,
and democracy. While giving thanks for these freedoms, I continue to
pray that our nation can come together and find solutions to the problems
we face today.
This week, we recognized the
50 th
anniversary commemorating the death of President John F.
Kennedy.
There are two of his quotes in particular that strike me, as they
seem even more relevant today than they did half a century ago. "My
fellow Americans, ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you
can do for your country." Additionally, the quote "Let us not seek
the Republican answer or the Democratic answer, but the right answer.
Let us not seek to fix the blame for the past. Let us accept our own
responsibility for the future."
We all would benefit by keeping
these quotes in mind as we continue to work towards address our nation's
problems.
All Americans are suffering the consequences of
Obamacare, but North Carolinians have been hit especially hard. This
week, we saw first-hand the broken promises of Obamacare through
personal stories provided by North Carolina constituents. Many of these
constituents that I spoke with have lost their insurance or seen premium
increases as a result of the presidents health care law. Some of these
stories were shared during a Google Hangout" that I held with
Representative Robert Pittenger (NC-09). The Google Hangout allowed for me to
discuss the effects of Obamacare with constituents back home in North
Carolina through a live webcam feed.
We are seeing similar
stories begin to surface across the country. Polls released this week
show that Americans are overwhelmingly dissatisfied with Obamacare.
The Energy &amp; Commerce subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations
met this past week, and the hearings revealed additional problems with
the Healthcare.gov website including security concerns and potential
privacy breaches. With each month, it becomes clearer that this law
was never ready for prime time.
In this newsletter, you will
find information about issues I addressed this week in the House.
Please share this important information with your friends, and don't
hesitate to reach out to my office with your concerns or questions. Best
wishes to you and your family for a blessed and happy Thanksgiving
holiday.
More Evidence
of Obamacare Broken Promises
First, we learned many of us
will not be able to keep our insuranceeven if we like our particular
plan. Now, we learn that we may not be able to keep the doctors we
like. I appeared on Fox News this week with Rep. Phil Gingrey and Dr. Marc
Siegel to discuss how millions of Americans are losing their health
plans and how some facilities may be dropped from lists of in-network
providers.
Click here
to watch the
interview.
I continue to hear horror stories from constituents regarding
health insurance rate increases they are forced to accept under
Obamacare. One subject President Obama cited as a success story is now
less than happy
with her Obamacare experience. At
this point, she is unsure as to whether or not she can afford insurance
under the Affordable Care Act. As Americans continue to speak out,
the deception and lies regarding the effects of this law continue to
surface.
It is important to note that these are not isolated
instances. According to a recent CBS News poll, only 7 percent of
Americans believe Obamacare should be kept as is. A striking 91 percent
believe the law needs to be repealed or changed.
News reports and
testimony provided in committee hearings confirmed that the White House
administration was aware significant problems were likely to occur with
the rollout of Obamacare. Meaning, the administration was aware months
prior to the official launch that there were going to be problems and
potential security breaches.
The
Washington Post
reported this week, "The analysis by McKinsey &amp; Co.
foreshadowed many of the problems that have dogged HealthCare.gov since
its rollout, including the facts that the call-in centers would not
work properly if the online system was malfunctioning and that
insufficient testing would make it difficult to fix problems after the launch."
On April 4, 2013, in a briefing by McKinsey &amp; Co. about the
upcoming launch of Healthcare.gov, HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius was
informed of the concerns surrounding the proposed Oct. 1 launch date and
potential problems with completing end-to-end testing. But on April 18,
2013, Secretary Sebelius testified to the
House
Committee on Energy and Commerce
that the launch of the exchanges was
"on track."
One of several computer security experts
testifying before a House committee this week said, I would say the website
is either hacked already or will be soonTheres not a lot of
security built into the site.
Speaking at the Wall Street
Journal CEO Summit, President Obama said, "We are going to have to
obviously remarket and rebrand [Obamacare], and that will be challenging in
this political environment."
But the problem is not one of
marketing or branding. The problem IS Obamacare, and the only fix is to
repeal it and replace it with a patient-centered, free market plan
such as
the American Health Care Reform Act . As a
co-sponsor of the bill, and a sitting member of the committee that
wrote and introduced it, I support this legislation as an alternative to
the broken law that is Obamacare.
The Humane Care for
Primates Act
I released the following statement
last week following the introduction of the Humane Care for Primates
Act:
"Today I introduced the Humane Care for
Primates Act. This bill will require the Secretary of Health and Human
Services to issue a rule allowing the importation of Non-Human Primates
for the purpose of placement in certified sanctuaries. The legislation
is zero-cost and merely allows the private sector the opportunity to
import primates under strict guidelines and provide them the humane care
they would not receive otherwise. I look forward to working with my
colleagues to advance this bill in the
House."
This afternoon, Congresswoman Renee Ellmers introduced a new bill
titled "The Humane Care for Primates Act of 2013." This legislation would
require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to issue a rule
allowing the importation of Non-Human Primates for the purpose of
placement in certified sanctuaries. The bill also includes high standards
for the certification of primate sanctuaries to ensure this is not used
as a loophole to import NHPs for other purposes. This legislation is
narrowly-tailored and should not cost the taxpayer anything. Currently,
institutions importing NHPs cover most of the cost of the quarantine
process.
While the number of primates that enter the U.S.
under this new rule will likely be small, it will truly make a
difference for each individual animal. For instance, in 2011, a rescue center
in Amman, Jordan requested that a U.S. sanctuary import and provide
permanent refuge for three vervet monkeys and nine baboons confiscated
from severely inhumane circumstances in zoos and private possession.
That same year, another rescue center in Kenya requested that a U.S.
sanctuary take in a yellow baboon who was kept as a pet for two years and
was facing impending euthanasia. Despite being fully equipped to
accept and care for these primates for the rest of their lives, as well as
the ability to assist a foreign sanctuary in need, the current
regulation forced the U.S. facilities to deny these requests.
In
the News
Could
you now lose your hospital under
ObamaCare?
America's Newsroom - Fox News Channel
Rep. Renee Ellmers joins
Dr. Marc Siegel and Congressman Phil Gingrey to discuss how millions of
Americans are losing their health plans and how some facilities may
be dropped from list of in-network providers.
US House hearing to air NC health law
complaints
Associated Press
Republican U.S. Reps. Robert
Pittenger of Charlotte and Renee Ellmers of Dunn were holding an
online video conference call Thursday to hear from constituents with
complaints about the law backed by President Barack Obama. Congressional
critics of the law meet in Gastonia on Friday to hear from five North
Carolina residents. The U.S. House committee headed by Republican
Congressman Darrell Issa of California plans to hear fears of insurance rate
increases.
Sequestration cancels
tobacco buyout payments
The Free
Press
Advocates for releasing the money note the buyout funds arent
created from general taxes, but user fees paid by tobacco manufacturers.
About $1 billion was set to go to farmers nationwide next year.
McIntyre was joined by U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers, R-N.C., U.S. Rep. Richard
Hudson, R-N.C. and U.S. Rep. Robert Hurt, R-Va. in a letter to Vilsack
and OMB Director Sylvia Burwell.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from
my office to your e-mail account.
On Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the "Like"
button
on my Facebook page
today!
On
Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join
the conversation on Twitter.
On YouTube
Please subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you won't miss
great video from the Washington and the Second District.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone:
(910) 230-1910
Fax: (910)
230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone:
(336) 626-3060
Fax: (336)
629-7819
Toll Free in
NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
