
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th
District
Cutting Red Tape to Create
Jobs
Dear
Friends:
This week, the focus in the House
of Representatives was on job growth, and that focus was clearly
illustrated by the passage of H.R. 1105, the Small Business Capital Access
and Job Preservation Act, which passed on December 4, 2013 with my
support.
The Dodd-Frank Act, which Congress passed in the wake
of the 2008 financial crisis, is an overly complicated and burdensome
piece of regulatory legislation that in many ways has done more to
stifle job growth than to alleviate the problems that led to the crisis
in the first place.
H.R. 1105 was written to address a provision
in Dodd-Frank requiring most private equity fund advisors to register
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), at an estimated
cost of $500,000 per fund (in addition to hundreds of thousands of
dollars in annual SEC compliance fees).
While this may
seem like a reasonable provision to many who blame the financial services
industry for our recent financial calamity, in practice the provision
diverts millions of dollars in capital that would otherwise be
invested in job-creating endeavors.
And this provision, like many
others in Dodd-Frank, is aimed at a sector of the financial services
industry that was not responsible for the financial crisis.
Quite the
contrary, between 1995 and 2010, 3 million people were employed by
over 23,000 companies that were backed by private capital.
It is
interesting to note that even some prominent Democrats on the House
Financial Services Committee admitted during debate that the effect on
private equity funds was an unintended consequence of Dodd-Frank.
According to the Small Business Investor Alliance, private
equity funds invest more than $250 billion annually into businesses
that create jobs.
This is the investment that the Small Business
Capital Access and Job Preservation Act, which passed the House with
strong bipartisan support, seeks to protect.
Unfortunately, the
President, who seems to be more concerned about the political statement
made by reversing a provision of Dodd-Frank than creating jobs, has
promised to veto the bill.
With the national unemployment rate
still at 7%, I believe that is a decision he can ill afford to
make.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive
regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 17,417,914,644,321
Share on Facebook
Colorado's
congressional delegation still shopping for health
care
By: Allison
Sherry
The Denver
Post
Published December 3, 2013
WASHINGTON
The very people casting the votes and doing the
most thinking and talking about the virtues and vices of the
Affordable Care Act face a personal decision with a looming deadline: What to
do for their own health care next year.
The 535 members of
Congress and their 11,397 congressional aides based in Washington and
scattered in district offices across the country have until
mid-December to figure out their 2014 plans under the Affordable Care
Act.
Like most private employers, the federal government gives up to
75 percent subsidy for health insurance to staffers and members of
Congress. But to get that subsidy, they must enroll on the Washington,
D.C., health exchange
even if they live thousands of miles from the
nation's capital.
Blog: Daily Dose
The Daily Dose
prescribes an enriched mix of news, features, consumer issues and in-depth
followups to The Denver Post's coverage of medicine and health
care.
And it turns out their options are quite richer than the
average Coloradan.
The DC Health Link has 112 "gold" plan
options available, although some of the far-flung employees won't be able
to take advantage because some of those plans are
Washington-specific.
While Colorado's options are not that plentiful, the
state's exchange has dozens of plans that would be considered
competitive.
Because the D.C. website has had some technical glitches as
well
GOP House Speaker John Boehner's staff even sent out a photo of
the leader trying to enroll with a frozen screen
many of the young
staffers are procrastinating.
Perhaps not surprisingly,
feelings about options on the D.C. exchange
from the members of
Congress to the lowest-level staffers
are falling along party
lines.
Mike Saccone, the 31-year-old Denver-based spokesman for
Democratic Sen. Mark Udall, found the experience on the D.C. website
facile.
In 2013, Saccone and his wife paid about $200 a month with
the federal government subsidy, and in 2014, they will pay about $180 a
month for a comparable "gold" plan. Next year, though, their
deductible jumped from $1,500 a family to $4,000 in-network. The co-pays and
prescriptions drugs are slightly lower in the new plan.
"It
was relatively simple," Saccone said, noting the only thing they had
to do was update their Internet browser.
Members of Congress
are treated like their staffers, receiving the federal subsidy only
if they enroll on the D.C. exchange. They are not eligible for tax
credits.
Right before Thanksgiving,
Rep. Mike
Coffman , R-Aurora, went to see an enrollment specialist to help him
log on and enroll on the Colorado exchange.
Coffman
like a
number of his Colorado colleagues, including Democratic senators and
most of the GOP House members
is opting against taking the federal
government subsidy next year. He instead will enroll in Colorado for
health insurance.
Without the federal subsidy, his monthly
premium jumps from $186 this year for a Preferred Provider Organization
plan on Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield to $607 next year through Rocky
Mountain View.
His co-payments went up from $20 to $60, and
his deductible went from $350 to $4,500.
"I thought I'd get
a better deal," Coffman said. "I thought the price and terms would be
relatively the same and what I would be sacrificing is my subsidy.
But the co-pays and the deductible really moved up
dramatically."
Brad Fitch, president of the Congressional Management Foundation,
plans to study how Obamacare affects morale within the congressional
offices.
Until now, the private and public sectors usually
had the same benefits and benefit costs for everyone: young, sick,
old, smokers, nonsmokers. The Affordable Care Act upends that. Insurance
companies are now allowed to charge older workers more money for
insurance, and younger workers may opt for cheaper plans.
"As a
manager, you will be dispensing unequal benefits to the staff," Fitch
said. "How does this affect recruitment and retention? How does that
affect morale?"
Josh Green, a 20-something staffer for Rep.
Scott Tipton based in Grand Junction, is shopping for plans on the
D.C. exchange for himself and his wife. Green says there are national
plans
including Blue Cross and Blue Shield and Aetna
offered on the
D.C. website that translate to doctors in Grand
Junction.
"The inability for district-based staff to sign up for regional (D.C.
area) HMOs is the primary difference from their D.C. counterparts," he
said. Green hasn't made a decision yet.
Allison Sherry:
202-662-8907, asherry@denverpost.com
What Colorado's members of
Congress will do for health care:
Members of Congress get
a 75 percent federal government contribution
much like private
companies give to employees
if they purchase health care on the D.C.
exchange called DC Health Link. If they purchase through the Colorado
exchange, they lose the subsidy. They have until Dec. 9 to make a
decision.
Sen. Mark Udall: Plans to forgo the federal government
subsidy and shop for a plan on the Colorado exchange.
Sen. Michael Bennet: Hasn't shopped yet for a plan, but staffers say he
will likely get coverage for himself and his family on the Colorado
exchange.
Rep. Doug Lamborn, R-Colorado Springs: Staffers
say the congressman is so upset about Obamacare he hasn't figured out
his options for 2014.
Rep. Cory Gardner, R-Yuma: He plans
to buy a plan on the Colorado exchange. He had a private plan last year
that was canceled, he says, because of the Affordable Care
Act.
Rep. Diana DeGette: D-Denver: Plans to purchase a plan on the
D.C. exchange.
Rep. Jared Polis, D-Boulder: Plans to
purchase a plan on the D.C. exchange.
Rep. Ed Perlmutter,
D-Jefferson County: Plans to purchase a plan on the D.C.
exchange.
Rep. Mike Coffman, R-Aurora: Purchased a plan on the
Colorado exchange.
Rep. Scott Tipton, R-Cortez:
Plans to buy a plan on the Colorado
exchange.
Denver celebrates
'Thanksgivukkah'
By:
Blair Shiff
9NEWS.com
Published Novbember
27,
2013
DENVER - Denver Jewish Center will
ignite a public menorah erected at the Highlands Ranch Eastridge Rec
Center at 9568 S. University Blvd., followed by a community-wide
celebration on the first night of Hanukkah.
The ceremony will
feature Congressman Mike Coffman and other prominent community
officials.
Following the menorah lighting ceremony, hundreds will
celebrate, sing and eat the night away with children's entertainment,
Hanukkah gifts and more.
The public menorah lighting was
organized by Rabbi Avraham Mintz of the Denver Jewish
Center.
"This year's calendar presents us with an opportunity to rediscover the
true theme of both holidays Thanksgiving and Hanukkah, thanksgiving to
the Almighty for all our daily miracles," Mintz said.
As
President George Washington proclaimed in 1789 for the first nationwide
Thanksgiving celebration "as a day of public thanksgiving and prayer
to be observed by acknowledging with grateful hearts the many and
signal favours of Almighty God."
Washington
Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax:
(720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
