
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear David,
I know many of you are
currently facing drastic flood insurance rate increases as a result of
reforms to the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP).
Therefore,
I have arranged for top officials from FEMA to meet with Tampa Bay
area residents this Wednesday, December 18, at 12:30 p.m. for a
Flood Insurance Town Hall. This event, which is free and open to the
public, will be held at the New Port Richey City Council Chambers located
at 5919 Main Street in New Port Richey, Florida, and will provide an
opportunity for you to ask questions and share your concerns about this
issue.
As I work with my colleagues to find a long-term
legislative solution to address the solvency and affordability of the
flood insurance system, I hope you will join us for this event.
Together, we can help shed light on the very real impacts these reforms are
having on current and future homeowners, as well as the housing
market.
To view the event invitation and for
more information, click
here .
Sincerely,
Gus Bilirakis
Member of Congress
On Wednesday, the Energy and
Commerce Committee held a hearing with Department of Health and Human
Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius in an effort to obtain more
answers from the Administration about what has led to the failures of
Obamacare and what might be next for the American
people.
During the hearing, I asked Secretary Sebelius about the risk corridors
program, which will support insurance providers after the
Administration decided - as a result of the law not being ready for prime
time - to allow individuals and small businesses to continue health
coverage outside the Exchange through the next year. When asked, Secretary
Sebelius revealed that she could not provide a cost estimate for the
risk corridors under Obamacare at this time. Since the tab for
Obamacares risk corridors will ultimately be passed down to U.S. taxpayers,
it is unacceptable for the Administration to promulgate a rule without
knowing the cost that will result. Furthermore, its irresponsible to
put taxpayers on the hook for insurance company losses in the
Exchange. To view our discussion, watch the video below. A news story
regarding my questions for the Secretary can also be found
here .
VIDEO: Sebelius Unable
to Provide Cost Estimate for Obamacare's Risk
Corridors
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
