
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
January 06, 2014
Dear
Friends,
In case you missed it, below is my
year end column from the
Northeast Mississippi Daily
Journal :
In 2013, the sharply divergent views
our parties have for the future of America led to frequent clashes
between the Democrat-controlled Senate and the Republican-controlled House
of Representatives. The result was stalemate, frustration, and a lack
of long term solutions to our nations spending-driven debt
crisis.
The year ended with
passage of the Murray-Ryan budget deal that left both parties
unsatisfied, but was a tiny step in the right direction because it made small
structural changes that will save taxpayers billions in the years to
come. I would have preferred the tweaks to the cost of living increases
for younger military retirees not be included in the deal. However,
failing to pass the Murray-Ryan budget would have triggered massive cuts
to our active duty military, effective Jan. 1. Allowing those cuts to
go into effect would have meant sending our young men and women into
combat ill equipped and underprepared, something I was not willing to
do.
Furthermore, we must
put an end to the notion that mandatory spending programs can never
be adjusted. If we want Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and
programs like military pensions to be around for future generations, some
changes must be made or we will go bankrupt.
While it is usually more difficult to get major
reforms passed in a heated election year, the Murray-Ryan budget
agreement opens a small window of opportunity to find some common ground
on some of the major issues facing our country.
Tax reform :
Governments across the world are reforming their tax codes in order to make
their nations more attractive places to do business. If we fail to do
the same, we risk falling behind in the global competition for jobs and
economic growth. The Chairmen of the committees in charge of tax
issues have been working on a package that could be the starting point for
negotiations.
We know
the broad outlines of reform must include cleaning out loopholes and
exemptions in exchange for lower rates. This is a politically
difficult task, as many powerful interest groups will fight tooth and nail to
preserve their tax break. However, Americas economy will continue to
underperform and far too many people will struggle to find jobs if we
fail to reform our tax code. The president has expressed interest in
at least bringing down our business tax rates, which are currently the
highest in the industrialized world. If the President is serious about
addressing problem, he will find willing partners in the
House.
Health
care : The sheer incompetence with which the Obama administration
has handled the launch of the Affordable Care Act has been
breathtaking. The website is a fiasco, and is just the tip of the iceberg.
Currently, it appears the Administration is making it up as it goes
along.
President Obama sold
his health care reform to the American public on three promises: if you
like your plan, you can keep it, if you like your doctor, you can
keep him, and costs would go down by $2,500 per family. All three of
these promises have turned out not to be true.
The latest news is that the Administration is
exempting some, but not all, from paying the individual mandate tax. We
should take this decision to its logical conclusion and pass
legislation exempting all Americans from the individual
mandate.
Cutting
spending : Thanks to stiff resistance by congressional Republicans to the
presidents calls for more spending, the deficit has fallen and
government spending has been reduced for two consecutive years for the first
time since the end of World War II. An incredible amount of work
remains. Democrat demands for massive tax hikes as the price for major
spending cuts rules out the possibility of a big deal for the foreseeable
future. In the meantime, both parties should work together to
eliminate as much government waste as possible.
As always, there is much work to be done in defense
of
religious liberty, the rights of the unborn, and our
2nd Amendment right to keep and bear arms . These
traditional American values are too important to be ignored, which is why I have
fought to ban taxpayer funding of abortions in the Obamacare
exchanges and resisted every effort to curtail the rights of law abiding gun
owners.
These are
trying times for our country, and I am frustrated that we have failed to
enact the types of tax, spending, and entitlement reforms necessary to
lift the burden of debt from future generations and ensure their shot
at the American dream. Divided government means we will not get
everything we want right now. Nevertheless, we must continue working to find
common ground on tax reform, health care, and cutting
spending.
Stay
in touch and God bless,
Should the Affordable Care Act
be repealed? Yes No Do you support the right to
keep and bear arms? Yes No When it comes to
immigration, which statement is closest to your view? I support comprehensive immigration
reform, including a path to citizenship for illegal aliens Enforce existing laws and
control the border first Do you consider yourself pro-life? Yes No Which statement comes closest to your view of taxes, spending, and
debt? We should cut
spending but not raise taxes on anybody Raise taxes on the wealthy to pay for more
spending Spending cuts
and tax increases are necessary. If you are having trouble, click
here.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 