
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
January 17, 2014
Dear Friends,
This week, the Senate debated and passed H.R.3547, the omnibus
appropriations legislation. The Senate approved the bill by a vote of
72 to 26. The House passed H.R. 3647 on Wednesday by a vote of 359 to
67.
I voted for the omnibus appropriations bill because it contained
several key provisions that are critically important to Georgians and
the economic future of our state. In addition, the spending levels in
this bill will not add to our deficit.
This package includes language that will help us make progress with
Georgia's number one economic development project - the Savannah Harbor
Expansion Project. This appropriations bill, combined with the upcoming
adoption of the conference report on the Water Resources Development
Act, will ensure that the Savannah harbor is expanded and that Georgia
remains preeminent in the import-export business of America
.
I'm also pleased that this bill prevents cuts to benefits for military
widows and widowers as well as for disabled veterans that were set to
take place in 2015. Our brave men and women who have served in our
armed forces and their families should not have to disproportionally
bear the burden of our country's fiscal challenges, and I will continue
to work to ensure that all of our military retirees are protected from
unfair cuts to their benefits.
While this bill is not perfect, it is a step in the right direction
toward getting Congress back in the business of budgeting and
appropriating, rather than continuing the pattern of last-minute
showdowns on short-term patches.
Unemployment Insurance Extension
Also this week, the Senate continued work on S.1845, the Emergency
Unemployment Compensation Extension Act, after cloture on the motion to
proceed was agreed to by a vote of 60 to 37 last week. I voted against
this procedural vote on unemployment insurance last week because I am
concerned by the $6.4 billion cost of this bill.
In 2008, Congress created an emergency unemployment compensation
program to provide a temporary extension of benefits for long-term
unemployed workers who have exhausted up to 26 weeks of state-sponsored
benefits. Since 2008, Congress has voted 11 times to extend the
Unemployment Compensation Act. Following last week's vote, I vowed to
work with my colleagues to find a way to pay for this legislation and
to include amendments that provide workforce training for unemployed
Americans.
On Thursday, I, along with U.S. Senators Dean Heller, R-Nev., Susan
Collins, R-Maine, Rob Portman, R-Ohio, Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., Dan Coats,
R-Ind., Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska, and John Hoeven, R-N.D., introduced
the Responsible Unemployment Compensation Extension Act of 2014
, S.1931. This legislation would fully
pay for an extension of unemployment insurance benefits for three
months. The bill also repeals recent cuts in the military retiree
cost-of-living adjustment included in December's budget agreement.
I was proud to join several of my Senate Republican colleagues in
introducing this legislation to continue our efforts to pay for an
extension of unemployment insurance and to protect our military from
cuts to their retirement. Over the past several weeks, we have--in good
faith--offered several solutions with our latest proposal incorporating
the Majority Leader's ideas. It's unfortunate that the Majority Leader
rejected outright our proposal and is putting politics above good
policy for the American people.
The legislation fully offsets the three-month extension by spreading
savings proposed by the Majority across the current 10-year budget
window. This legislation exempts Medicare providers from further cuts
and includes specific language to ensure that sequestration of defense
resources is not increased; reduces weeks of eligibility for emergency
unemployment tiers 1 and 2, which reduces total state and federal
unemployment from 73 weeks to 57 weeks; eliminates overlapping payments
for unemployment insurance benefits and Social Security disability
benefits.
Bipartisan, Bicameral Medicare Reforms Seek to Improve Care and Lower
Costs
On Wednesday, I joined with U.S. Senator Ron Wyden, D-Ore., and U.S.
Representatives Erik Paulsen, R-Minn., and Peter Welch, D-Vt., to
introduce bipartisan, bicameral legislation aimed at providing better
care at lower cost for the millions of Medicare beneficiaries with
multiple chronic conditions
.
The Better Care, Lower Cost Act seeks to improve care coordination for
beneficiaries with multiple chronic conditions, the most-expensive and
fastest-growing portion of the Medicare population. The legislation
would expand the use of multidisciplinary health teams to keep patients
as healthy as possible in their homes and communities.
According to Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, 68 percent of
Medicare enrollees have multiple chronic conditions, and account for 93
percent of Medicare spending. Additionally, 98 percent of costly
hospital readmissions involved beneficiaries with multiple chronic
conditions.
I believe that the best and most innovative solutions come from the
private sector and people on the ground, and my hope is that the Better
Care, Lower Cost Act will unleash the creativity of the medical
community to develop ways to provide better care at a lower cost. I'm
proud to join Sen. Wyden in introducing this legislation, which
addresses our health care system's challenge of managing chronic
medical conditions by allowing patients to voluntarily enroll in a
program that incentivizes health care providers to invest in prevention
and keeping patients healthy. This legislation is critical to the
future of Medicare and our health care system.
The legislation creates the "Better Care Program," allowing health
plans and groups of providers to form "Better Care Plans" or "Better
Care Practices," (BCPs) respectively. This program would be voluntary
and open to Medicare enrollees suffering with chronic illnesses.
Participating plans and practices would receive newly calculated
risk-adjusted, capitated payments rewarding better health outcomes for
enrolled beneficiaries.
BCPs would be allowed to focus and specialize in chronic care delivery
and management. Under current law, the so-called "attribution rule"
strictly limits the ability of provider-led organizations to reach out
to sicker patients and provide them with the highest-quality,
integrated chronic care services.
Existing integrated care delivery models are largely limited to the
Pacific Northwest, Midwest and Northeast, leaving millions of Medicare
enrollees without access to this more-effective and cost-efficient
model of care. In these areas, the legislation provides opportunities
to go further.
In rural or underserved areas where integrated delivery models may not
be as prevalent, the legislation provides a direct focus to so-called
'hot spots' where there is a high prevalence of chronic disease.
Further, the bill would encourage the expansion of telemedicine health
IT, and ensure that health providers in underserved areas could
practice at the top of their licenses.
Additionally, the bill would encourage medical schools to focus on
team-based care as well as geriatrics and chronic disease management.
The legislation has already attracted a wide range of interest and
support from the National Coalition on Heath Care, the Council for
Affordable Health Coverage, Amedisys, and numerous health systems.
What's on Tap?
Next week, the Senate is in recess. When the Senate returns on Jan. 27,
we are expected to consider legislation that would delay federal flood
insurance rate increases for four years. The Homeowner Flood Insurance
Affordability Act would protect millions of homeowners from facing huge
flood insurance premium rate hikes and require FEMA to complete an
affordability study and propose real solutions to address affordability
issues before any flood insurance premiums can be raised in the future.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
January 17, 2014
Dear Friends,
This
week, the Senate debated and passed H.R.3547, the omnibus appropriations legislation. The Senate approved
the bill by a vote of 72 to 26. The House passed H.R. 3647 on Wednesday by a vote of 359 to 67.
I voted for the omnibus appropriations
bill because it contained several key provisions that are critically important to Georgians and the economic
future of our state. In addition, the spending levels in this bill will not add to our deficit.
This package includes language that will
help us make progress with Georgia&#8217;s number one economic development project - the Savannah Harbor
Expansion Project. This appropriations bill, combined with the upcoming adoption of the conference report
on the
Water Resources Development
Act , will
ensure
that the Savannah harbor is expanded and that Georgia remains preeminent in the import-export business
of America .
I&#8217;m also pleased that this bill
prevents cuts to benefits for military widows and widowers as well as for disabled veterans that were
set to take place in 2015. Our brave men and women who have served in our armed forces and their families
should not have to disproportionally bear the burden of our country&#8217;s fiscal challenges, and I
will continue to work to ensure that all of our military retirees are protected from unfair cuts to their
benefits.
While this bill is not perfect, it is
a step in the right direction toward getting Congress back in the business of budgeting and appropriating,
rather than continuing the pattern of last-minute showdowns on short-term patches.
Unemployment Insurance Extension
Also
this week, the Senate continued work on S.1845, the
Emergency
Unemployment Compensation Extension Act ,
after cloture on the motion to proceed was agreed to by a vote of 60 to 37 last week. I voted against
this procedural vote on unemployment insurance last week because I am concerned by the $6.4 billion cost
of this bill.
In 2008, Congress created an emergency
unemployment compensation program to provide a temporary extension of benefits for long-term unemployed
workers who have exhausted up to 26 weeks of state-sponsored benefits. Since 2008, Congress has voted
11 times to extend the
Unemployment
Compensation Act .
Following last week&#8217;s
vote, I vowed to work with my colleagues to find a way to pay for this legislation and to include amendments
that provide workforce training for unemployed Americans.
On Thursday, I, along with U.S. Senators
Dean Heller, R-Nev., Susan Collins, R-Maine, Rob Portman, R-Ohio, Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., Dan Coats, R-Ind.,
Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska, and John Hoeven, R-N.D., introduced the
Responsible
Unemployment Compensation Extension Act of 2014 ,
S.1931. This legislation would fully pay for an extension of unemployment insurance benefits for three
months. The bill also repeals recent cuts in the military retiree cost-of-living adjustment included
in December&#8217;s budget agreement.
I was proud to join several of my Senate
Republican colleagues in introducing this legislation to continue our efforts to pay for an extension
of unemployment insurance and to protect our military from cuts to their retirement. Over the past several
weeks, we have--in good faith--offered several solutions with our latest proposal incorporating the Majority
Leader&#8217;s ideas. It&#8217;s unfortunate that the Majority Leader rejected outright our proposal
and is putting politics above good policy for the American people.
The legislation fully offsets the three-month
extension by spreading savings proposed by the Majority across the current 10-year budget window. This
legislation exempts Medicare providers from further cuts and includes specific language to ensure that
sequestration of defense resources is not increased; reduces weeks of eligibility for emergency unemployment
tiers 1 and 2, which reduces total state and federal unemployment from 73 weeks to 57 weeks; eliminates
overlapping payments for unemployment insurance benefits and Social Security disability benefits.
Bipartisan, Bicameral Medicare Reforms
Seek to Improve Care and Lower Costs On
Wednesday, I joined with U.S. Senator Ron Wyden, D-Ore., and U.S. Representatives Erik Paulsen, R-Minn.,
and Peter Welch, D-Vt., to introduce bipartisan, bicameral
legislation
aimed at providing better care at lower cost for the millions of Medicare beneficiaries with multiple
chronic conditions .
The
Better
Care, Lower Cost Act
seeks to improve
care coordination for beneficiaries with multiple chronic conditions, the most-expensive and fastest-growing
portion of the Medicare population. The legislation would expand the use of multidisciplinary health
teams to keep patients as healthy as possible in their homes and communities.
According to Centers for Medicare and
Medicaid Services, 68 percent of Medicare enrollees have multiple chronic conditions, and account for
93 percent of Medicare spending. Additionally, 98 percent of costly hospital readmissions involved beneficiaries
with multiple chronic conditions.
I believe that the best and most innovative
solutions come from the private sector and people on the ground, and my hope is that the
Better
Care, Lower Cost Act
will unleash the
creativity of the medical community to develop ways to provide better care at a lower cost. I&#8217;m
proud to join Sen. Wyden in introducing this legislation, which addresses our health care system&#8217;s
challenge of managing chronic medical conditions by allowing patients to voluntarily enroll in a program
that incentivizes health care providers to invest in prevention and keeping patients healthy. This legislation
is critical to the future of Medicare and our health care system.
The legislation creates the &#8220;Better
Care Program,&#8221; allowing health plans and groups of providers to form &#8220;Better Care
Plans &#8221;
or &#8220;Better Care
Practices ,&#8221;
(BCPs) respectively. This program would be voluntary and open to Medicare enrollees suffering with chronic
illnesses. Participating plans and practices would receive newly calculated risk-adjusted, capitated
payments rewarding better health outcomes for enrolled beneficiaries.
BCPs would be allowed to focus and specialize
in chronic care delivery and management. Under current law, the so-called &#8220;attribution rule&#8221;
strictly limits the ability of provider-led organizations to reach out to sicker patients and provide
them with the highest-quality, integrated chronic care services.
Existing integrated care delivery models
are largely limited to the Pacific Northwest, Midwest and Northeast, leaving millions of Medicare enrollees
without access to this more-effective and cost-efficient model of care. In these areas, the legislation
provides opportunities to go further.
In rural or underserved areas where integrated
delivery models may not be as prevalent, the legislation provides a direct focus to so-called &#8216;hot
spots&#8217; where there is a high prevalence of chronic disease. Further, the bill would encourage the
expansion of telemedicine health IT, and ensure that health providers in underserved areas could practice
at the top of their licenses.
Additionally, the bill would encourage
medical schools to focus on team-based care as well as geriatrics and chronic disease management.
The legislation has already attracted
a wide range of interest and support from the National Coalition on Heath Care, the Council for Affordable
Health Coverage, Amedisys, and numerous health systems.
What&#8217;s on Tap?
Next week, the Senate is in recess.
When the Senate returns on Jan. 27, we are expected to consider legislation that would delay federal
flood insurance rate increases for four years. The
Homeowner
Flood Insurance Affordability Act
would
protect millions of homeowners from facing huge flood insurance premium rate hikes and require FEMA to
complete an affordability study and propose real solutions to address affordability issues before any
flood insurance premiums can be raised in the future.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
