DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Bipartisan Obamacare Transparency Bill Passes House
For the second week straight, the House has passed a bill to increase transparency in Obamacare with a bipartisan vote. The Exchange Information Disclosure Act passed 259-154 with all Republicans and 33 Democrats voting in favor. The bill would require the Department of Health and Human Services to give us data on the number of unique website visits, the number of individuals who have created an account, how many people selected a health plan, and how many were enrolled in Medicaid. We also would get information on the problems facing the Healthcare.gov website. To view my comments on the bill,
CLICK HERE .
Benghazi Report Shows Attack was Preventable
The Senate Intelligence Committee released a
REPORT
on the attacks in Benghazi that killed our ambassador to Libya and three other Americans. The report declares that the attack was preventable and that the administration failed to respond to ample warnings that the consulate could be a target. Less than a month before the attack the ambassador himself has raised concerns about attacks in western Libya. The report also cited the administration for its failure to bring the attackers to justice. It was revealed that at least 15 people in Libya related to the investigation had died in the last year. I support Rep. Frank Wolfs (R-VA) legislation, H.Res. 36, calling for a special commission to fully investigate what happened, who was responsible, and who failed in protecting U.S. citizens working in Libya. Even with this report, there are unanswered questions.
Court Rejects Another Attempt to Go Around Congress
This week, a federal court struck down the Federal Communication Commissions so-called Net Neutrality rules. This was yet another time that the administration tried to go around Congress rather than changing the law. Even when Democrats controlled a filibuster-proof majority in the Senate and a big majority in the House, the White House couldnt get the law changed to their liking. Instead of continuing to try under the Republican-led House, the FCC has tried to write regulations. The first time they did, it was thrown out of court. They wrote another set of regulations and now these have been thrown out. The message should be clear: the President cant change the law, only Congress can.
Tax Reform Would Reduce Code by One-Quarter
Reforming our tax code would benefit every American, making it easier to follow the law and getting rid of narrowly targeted loopholes that benefit only a select few. The House Ways and Means Committee, which has been working on a tax reform bill, explains how making the code simpler and fairer would help create jobs and save taxpayers money spent on filing returns. Reforms could cut the tax code by 25 percent. Watch the video
HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: Security and Transparency
Shortly before Christmas, during the midst of the busy shopping season, hackers stole 40 million credit card numbers from Target. The same hack yielded 70 million records for customers phone numbers, e-mail addresses, and home addresses. High-end department store chain Neiman Marcus got hit by a similar attack. Some of their customers reported fraudulent charges on their cards.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
With Obamacare, the Definition of Success Keeps Changing
Rep. Pitts talks about how the administration keeps changing the definition of success when it comes to Obamacare exchange enrollment.
Obamacare Needs to be More Transparent
Rep. Pitts opens up debate on legislation to make Obamacare website data more transparent.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here