
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Hamba kahle, Madiba (Rest in Peace)
December 6, 2013
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
The Loss of a Giant
With the passing of Nelson Mandela, the world has lost a leader who advanced the cause of equality and human rights, who overcame a history of oppression in South Africa to expand the reach of freedom worldwide. May the life of Nelson Mandela long stand as the ultimate tribute to the triumph of hope.
May his story long remind us to always look forward with optimism to the future.
May it be a comfort to his family, to his friends and loved ones, to the people of South Africa that so many mourn the loss of this extraordinary man and incredible leader at this sad time.
Innovation in America
Few places exemplify America&rsquo;s potential for trailblazing innovation more than San Francisco.
Innovation and the entrepreneurial spirit are cornerstones of America&rsquo;s economic growth and global competitiveness.
That is why we must ensure the United States patent system works to support &ndash; not suppress &ndash; the success of American innovation.
Critical to protecting America&rsquo;s pioneers is preventing non-practicing entities, or patent &lsquo;trolls,&rsquo; from unfairly using legal processes to badger small businesses and consumers.
This week, I voted in favor of H.R. 3309, the Innovation Act, a bill that seeks to address these issues. While it is unfortunate the bill does not go far enough to address pre-trial demand letters that can confuse and cost entrepreneurs and it includes a controversial fee-shifting provision
that could tilt the legal system against innovators, I hope it can be improved before it is enacted into law. In Congress, we must do more to prevent poor quality patents and bring an end to devastating sequester cuts that have cost the Patent and Trademark Office nearly $150 million in FY2013; have resulted in 1000 fewer patent examiners; and have needlessly delayed a vital patent office in Silicon Valley.
Make HIV/AIDS a Thing of the Past
Today, nations of the world stand together in the effort to eradicate HIV/AIDS once and for all.
We know that AIDS is a resourceful disease, but we will be even more resourceful and cunning in our fight against it. We cannot, and we will not, allow AIDS to claw its way back from the brink. In the name of those loved ones we have lost, and those we might save, we rededicate ourselves to prevention, testing, treatment, and the search for a cure.
We accept our shared responsibility to fight HIV/AIDS across the globe, and we vow to make the dream of an AIDS-free generation a reality. For information on
basic testing ,
HIV/AIDS facts , and other useful material, please visit
AIDS.gov .
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi volunteers at a workday for the National AIDS Memorial Grove in San Francisco in July.
Affordable Care for San Franciscans
Every day, I hear from San Franciscans who have benefited from the Affordable Care Act. I received a letter from one of these young adults, Rebecca, a 23-year-old manager at a fundraising firm for non-profits.
After the Affordable Care Act was signed into law, Rebecca was able to stay on her parents' health plan, through her 26th birthday, giving her more time to focus on putting away money to earn her Bachelor&rsquo;s
degree. Recently, Rebecca was diagnosed with a debilitating disease resulting in severe nerve damage that required neurosurgery. Without health insurance, she would have faced astronomical hospital bills that would have saddled her with enormous debt before she reached her 24th birthday.
Providing our nation&rsquo;s young people with more opportunities to pursue their hopes and dreams is just one of the many ways the Affordable Care Act benefits the American people.
To share your story with my office, please visit my
website .
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
