
A Message from Congressman Paul Broun
Happy Thanksgiving!
Thanksgiving Day is a wonderful American celebration.
It means feasts, football, hunting, shopping, and parades. It means fun with family and friends.
All across America, folks will gather around the table to enjoy a special holiday meal complete with turkey, all the trimmings, and lots of desserts.
And, yet, Thanksgiving Day is much more.
It transports us to the long ago yesteryear of courageous ancestors who braved the seas in tiny ships to come here in search of liberty.
It reminds us of their perils, sacrifices, and victories.
Thanksgiving calls us to remember with gratitude all our great successes and victories as a people bound together in love of liberty and faith.
It is a season to pray for our nation and for the men and women in military service who protect this land and our way of life.
Thanksgiving time calls us to give and uplift those around us who are in need.
It calls us to humble ourselves and give thanks to God for His grace and the multitude of blessings that we enjoy every day
just because we are Americans.
God bless you, as you enjoy your best Thanksgiving.
Quick Links
Press
Broun Reminds Colleagues that Obamacare Cannot be Fixed
"Just last week, the House passed a symbolic bill that merely nibbled at the edges of the problems caused by Obamacare. But, you cannot fix a law that will cripple our economy, increase our nations debt, and limit healthcare options for millions of Americans."
Broun: Lets Focus on Full Repeal of Obamacare
"I voted against the Keep Your Health Plan Act because I am serious about putting a stop to Obamacare, and this bill does nothing to address Obamacare in the long-term. We need to focus on real reform that will actually lower costs and deliver quality care, not waste time with another delay or fix, said Rep. Broun.
Broun Honors Local WWII Veteran
I am pleased that my staff was able to take part in the replacement of these medals, and it was the highest privilege to be able to present Mr. Harwood with the Bronze Star. Mr. Harwood is among the elite ranks of our nations heroes, exemplifying the sacrifice, sense of duty, and humbleness that so many of our soldiers continue to serve our country with today.
Broun: We Can't Fix Obamacare, We Must Repeal and Replace
"Under Obamacare, Americans will still see higher costs, cancelled coverage, and reduced quality of care -and in one year, Americans will be put right back at square one unless Obamacare is repealed in full, said Rep. Broun."
Press Releases
Click below to read recent Press Releases.
Multimedia
BROUN'S 4-WAY TEST
I am committed to protecting the constitutional rights and pocketbooks of every American. I will apply the following four-way test to every piece of legislation that comes before the House for a vote:
Is it Right/Moral?
Is it Constitutional?
Is it Necessary?
Is it Affordable?
Connect
RSS Feed
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Washington D.C.
2437 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4101
Fax: 202-226-0776
Athens
3706 Atlanta Hwy, Ste 2
Athens, GA 30606
Phone: 706-549-9588
Fax: 706-549-9590
Click Here Click Here