
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
DECEMBER 20, 2013
Please allow me to update you on some of this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces Economic Freedom Zones Act of 2013
This week, I introduced the
Economic Freedom Zones Act of 2013 .
This
bill provides for the establishment of free market enterprise zones in
order to help facilitate the creation of new jobs, entrepreneurial
opportunities, enhance and renew educational opportunities and increase
community involvement in bankrupt or economically distressed areas.
These zones will apply to any zip code with unemployment greater than
one and a half times the national average. This bill will dramatically
reduce taxes and red tape so that families and businesses can grow and
thrive in numerous areas throughout the United States, including Eastern Kentucky.
In order to change our course, we must reverse the trend toward more
Big Government by ending the corporate welfare and crony capitalism that
limits choice and stifles competition. We must encourage policies that
will lift up the individual, allow for the creation of new jobs, improve
the school system and get these communities back to work. The answer to
poverty and unemployment is not another government bailout; it is
simply leaving more money in the hands of those who earned it. The
Economic Freedom Zones Act of 2013 will do just that.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Votes Against Ryan-Murray Budget Deal
On Wednesday, the Senate voted on the Ryan-Murray budget deal.
This
deal raises taxes, adds $7 trillion in debt in over 10 years and
increases our deficit by $60 billion.
There is a recurring theme in Washington budget negotiations. It's
'I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for a hamburger today.' I think it's a huge
mistake to trade sequester cuts now, for the promise of cuts later.
The small sequester spending cuts were not nearly enough to address
our deficit problem. Undoing tens of billions of this modest spending
restraint is shameful and must be opposed. I cannot support a budget
that raises taxes and never balances, nor can I support a deal that does
nothing to reduce our nation's $17.3 trillion debt.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Joins Kentucky Delegation in Filing Amicus Brief at U.S. Supreme Court to Support Kentucky Coal Jobs
Earlier this week, the Kentucky delegation filed an amicus brief in the
United States Supreme Court to support Kentucky's coal miners, their families, small businesses and all those negatively affected by the Administration's War on Coal.
The EPA's power-grabbing schemes are unbelievable, and unconstitutional. This federal agency wants to bend the rules to suit its own agenda by undermining the authority of Congress. Time and again, the courts have struck down the overreaching arm of the EPA, and I hope that our highest court will see through the agency's efforts to impose one-size-fits-all regulations on greenhouse gas emissions. No region has realized the cost of the EPA's job-killing regulations more than the Central Appalachian coalfields, where power plants and mines are shutting down, and thousands of coal miners are losing their jobs every year.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Rand Paul Applauds the Protection of Fourth Amendment Rights
On Monday, a U.S. District Court ruling deemed the National Security Agency's (NSA) phone surveillance program unconstitutional.
I commend U.S. District Court Judge Richard Leon for upholding and protecting our Fourth Amendment rights. This decision represents an important first step in having the constitutionality of government surveillance programs decided in the regular court system rather than a secret court where only one side is presented.
In June, I introduced the
Fourth Amendment Restoration Act
which, if enacted, would have restored our Constitutional rights and declared that the Fourth Amendment shall not be construed to allow any agency of the United States government to search the phone records of Americans without a warrant based on probable cause. The NSA phone surveillance program is a blatant abuse of power and an invasion of our privacy. This ruling reminds the Federal government that it is not above the law. I will continue to fight against the violations of American's Constitutional rights through illegal phone surveillance until it is stopped once and for all.
Click
HERE
to read more.
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, roughly 280,000 Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors.
Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how has Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business? Share your story by visiting my website:
paul.senate.gov
Media Wrap-Up
This past week, I appeared on Fox's
On the Record with Greta Van Susteren ,
Fox Business' Stossel , and CNN's
The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Leland Conway of WHAS, Matt Walsh of WLAP, and Lee Burke of East Kentucky Broadcasting. I also penned an Op-Ed in
Breitbart .
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
