DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN"
Help Me Reform the NSA &amp; Hold the Government Accountable
The NSA's overreach has infringed on American civil liberties, damaged diplomatic efforts with our allies and tarnished the integrity of the intelligence community.
Of course, this debate over the NSA's bulk collection of phone records is no longer simply a discussion about balancing national security and privacy. Americans' personal information, constitutional rights and livelihoods are at stake. Citizens and businesses of Wisconsin's Fifth District and around the country have been very clear: the indiscriminate, bulk collection of Americans' data must be stopped.
Congress has an obligation to hold the NSA accountable and deliver effective reforms that strengthen personal privacy safeguards and individual control over our most sensitive information. Thats why I joined with Senate Judiciary Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) to introduce the
USA FREEDOM Act , which would end bulk collection, reform the secret FISA Court, increase transparency and protect our constitutional right to privacy.
With over 100 bipartisan cosponsors and the support of businesses, our friends abroad and advocacy groups ranging from the ACLU to the NRA, I am confident that the USA FREEDOM Act is the most responsible approach to reform American surveillance.
This bill is largely about accountability and transparency. And in that spirit, Im gathering as much input as possible from my constituents.
Your questions, ideas and opinions will help me deliver reforms that work best for you and your neighbors in the Badger State.
Thanks to a new online tool named
Madison , we can have an open and constructive debate on the USA FREEDOM Act.
Click here
to sign up for Madison. Together we can strengthen your privacy rights through this
comprehensive bill . I look forward to working with you in this interactive forum.
Quick Links
Message From Jim
You are receiving this email because you are subscribed to the Update List. I am offering this service as a way for me to keep in touch with my constituents by providing timely updates on current events in the House.
Please do not reply to this email; if you would like to contact me click on "Email Me."
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2449 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-5101
BROOKFIELD, WI OFFICE
120 Bishops Way, #154
Brookfield, WI 53005
T (262) 784-1111
Click Here Click Here