
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
MEET STEVE
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA
CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
January 23, 2014
As a fifth-generation Montanan and your voice in
Washington, I am deeply committed to protecting and defending
Montanans privacy and civil liberties. Thats why Im fighting to completely
end the forced blanket collection of Americans telephone records for
dragnet intelligence purposes.
I
believe that President Barack Obamas proposed reforms to the
National Security Agency (NSA) mass data collection program are wholly
insufficient in providing needed reforms and real privacy protections for
the American people.
Rather than
addressing the core problem and fully ending the NSAs mass data
collection program, the President is offering the American people peripheral
changes that fall woefully short in protecting Montanans privacy and
civil liberties from NSA overreach and
abuse.
I believe that the only way to fully protect the American
peoples constitutional rights from government overreach is stopping
the forced collection of personal phone recordshowever, I want to
hear from you on this important issue.
Please take a moment to
answer the question below and share your views with me.
Do you believe
President Obamas proposals sufficiently protect Americans Fourth Amendment
rights? Yes, these
proposals address the problems with the NSAs mass meta-data collection
program No, more
reforms and greater accountability measures are still needed to protect
Americans Fourth Amendment rights Unsure *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to
my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
Ive been working to end NSAs bulk
meta-data program and put in place reforms that increase NSA
transparency and accountability. In November, I helped introduce the USA
Freedom Act, which increases transparency, protects Americans from bulk
collection of their communications records and requires the government to
more aggressively filter and discard information about Americans
accidentally collected through PRISM and related
programs.
I also supported Congressman Justin Amashs
amendment to the 2014 Department of Defense Appropriations Act, which
called for the end of NSAs blanket collection of Americans telephone
records by authorizing the FISA court to order the production of business
records and other tangible items that pertain only to a person
under an authorized counterterrorism
investigation.
Please know that I will continue fighting for real
reforms that end the federal governments compulsory collection of
Americans personal information and provide Americans with the privacy
protections guaranteed by the Fourth
Amendment.
Washington D.C.
206 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-3211
Billings District
222 North 32nd Street
Suite 900
Billings, MT 59101
phone:
406-969-1736
Great Falls District
104 2nd Street South
Suite
103
Great Falls, MT 59404
phone: 406-315-3860
Helena District
910 N. Last Chance Gulch
Suite B
Helena, MT 59601
phone:
406-502-1435
Missoula District
110 West
Front Street
Missoula, MT 59802
phone: 406-926-2122
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 