
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
January 17, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Newsroom
|
Our District
|
Constituent Services
|
Visit DC
|
Contact
Tim
In This Week's Edition of E-News
...
HealthCare.Gov Remains Incomplete
F unding Measure Builds on $165 Billion In Spending
Cuts
Energy and
Commerce 2013 Report Highlights Murphy
Initiatives
HealthCare.Gov Remains
Incomplete
More than fourteen weeks after its go-live date,
major components of the HealthCare.gov web site remain unfinished,
potentially leaving thousands of enrollees without actual health
insurance.
That was the major takeaway
from Thursdays Oversight Subcommittee hearing featuring testimony
from the Administrations insurance czar, Gary
Cohen.
Chairman Murphy questions
Administrations insurance czar, Gary Cohen about flaws with
HealthCare.gov
The automated process for payments is still being
built, Cohen said upon questioning from subcommittee chairman Rep. Tim
Murphy. Cohen could not tell Chairman Murphy when HealthCare.govs
payment system, which is supposed to transfer subsidies directly from the
government to private insurance companies, will be finally built. The
hearing was covered by the
Wall Street
Journal .
To the astonishment
of Energy and Commerce lawmakers,Cohen told Murphy he didnt know
there were major problems with the failed web site prior to its October
1 st
launch.
However,
evidence uncovered by Chairman Murphys investigation showedCohen was
personally briefed multiple times by consultants from McKinsey &amp;
Company as far back as early April that the site had serious problems.
McKinseys report said that lack of transparency and alignment on
critical issues threatened the websites
progress.
I had no indication, said Cohen, that we were
going to have the major, major problems with the website that we ended
up having.
A litany of
questions also went unanswered by Cohen. The insurance czar said he didnt
know how much it would cost the Administration to run advertisements
on the Affordable Care Act during the Olympics; didnt know how many
people are paying more or less for insurance under the healthcare law;
didnt even know how many enrollees were persons who had insurance
last year versus the uninsured who were now covered; and didnt know what
percentage of enrollees have actually paid their
premiums.
If premiums go unpaid for 90 days,
insurance companies may dis-enroll persons who signed up for exchange
plans. Health policy experts have warned that disenrollment and the
unfinished website could mean major headaches for families and doctors.
Physicians and hospitals have begun asking for
payment
up front
from some patients.
To bring transparency to the healthcare law, the House of
Representatives passed on a bipartisan vote of 259-154 the Health Exchange
Information Disclosure Act (H.R. 3362) on Thursday. The legislation, which
Rep. Murphy supported, requires weekly updates from the
Administration on the enrollment details and functionality of the healthcare laws
exchanges. The bill now awaits further action in the
Senate.
To share your thoughts on the
Affordable Care Act, please
click
here .
Funding Measure Builds on $165 Billion In Spending
Cuts
This week the House of Representatives
overwhelmingly approved a measure to fund government operations through
fiscal year 2014. This appropriations bill will fund all 1,100
discretionary programs from the Department of Defense to the Federal Bureau
of Investigations.
Rep. Tim
Murphy, who voted in favor of the bill, said the legislation marked a
significant milestone: four straight years of spending cuts that now
total over $165 billion.
The
bill mandates no new funding for the Affordable Care Act (ACA), and cuts
$1 billion from a vaguely defined ACA Prevention and Public Health
account being used as a slush fund to finance everything from
massage therapists to lobbying
campaigns that fight for higher taxes on sugary beverages. Additionally, the
legislation blocked funding for Californias failed high speed rail
project, and three new Department of Homeland Security headquarter
buildings.
The appropriations
measure will also protect cost-of-living adjustments (COLA) for disabled
military retirees and survivors.
The Ryan-Murray budget blueprint incorporated a proposal contained
in President Obama's 2014 budget request to decrease a
cost-of-living-adjustment (COLA) provided to early military retirees beginning in
2016. But under this funding bill, the Administration-backed pension cut
will be blockedand will not impact disabled
retirees.
Rep. Murphy is working on a broader fix to
the COLA change and is cosponsoring legislation (H.R. 3790) introduced
by House Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller to repeal a
COLA reduction for any veteran who retired prior to age 62 after twenty
years of service.
The bill
also overturns the Administrations ban on incandescent light bulbs;
limits federal spending on conferences, travel, and awards; and reverses
a move by the Administration to block overseas coal power-generation
projects, which will help US coal production and exports of
American-made equipment.
The bill also
includes a provision authored by Rep. Murphy, who chairs the
Congressional Steel Caucus, to strengthen Buy American provisions for water
and sewer projects financed by federal taxpayers. Specifically, the
language will help support jobs at the East Jordan Ironworks foundry in
Monroeville.
Finally, thebill
has legislative language supported by Chairman Murphy to rein in an EPA
program that treats house-painting like
Superfund sites . Congressman Tim Murphy (R-PA) introduced
H.R. 2093, the Lead Exposure Reduction Amendments Act to provide a
much-needed legislative fix to EPAs lead renovation, repair and painting
rule.
Under this EPA
regulation, any home renovation
however minor
that disturbs more than six
square feet of a pre-1978 home, window or door must follow rigorous work
practices such as plastic sheathing and lead dust control, all
supervised and reported on by a so-called EPA-certified renovator. The
current standard is so burdensome, homeowners must pay thousands of
dollars for protections that are
unnecessary.
Contractors and crews must keep extensive paper records of
the job. The language in the omnibus bill requires a report back to
Congress on a plan to eliminate these duplicative and excessive
reporting requirements.
The Senate
passed the funding measure on Thursday and it now awaits the
Presidents signature.
To share
your thoughts on this story,
click
here .
Energy and Commerce 2013 Report Highlights Murphy
Initiatives
The House Energy and Commerce
Committee this month released its annual
year-in-review
report showing 2013 to be one of its most active sessions in the
Committees 218-year history. The end-of-session update is part of the
committees effort to increase transparency and ensure the public has
easy access to the panels work.
The Committee conducted 112 days of hearings on topics from
oversight on the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, to the impact
of new
EPA regulations on coal
communities .
More than 29 days of legislative
markups were held, producing 22 bills and resolutions reported to the
House, and 13 of the Committees legislative initiatives reaching
enactment through nine public laws.
One of those new laws is the Drug Quality and Security Act (H.R.
3204), a bipartisan drug safety bill strengthening oversight of
compounding pharmacies. The legislation came about because of Chairman Murphys
months-long investigation into the deadly fungal meningitis outbreak.
The investigation revealed that the FDA could have prevented the
outbreak that sickened more than 700 and killed 48 people from
contaminated pain medication injections made by the New England Compounding
Center (NECC) and shipped to healthcare facilities across the
country.
The report also details Chairman
Murphys year-long review of the nations broken mental health system.
Murphys
Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis
Act
(H.R. 3717) takes lessons learned from the panels
investigation in order to improve federal programs and the delivery of care for
the severely mentally ill. This week, Murphys bill received national
praise from newspaper editorial boards and columnists at the
Houston Chronicle ,
Psychology Today , and the
Orange County
Register .The bill previously received a major endorsement fromthe
Wall Street
Journal .
On Wednesday, Rep. Murphy was a special guest of
Bill Bennetts Morning in America program to discuss how his
legislation would help families with a loved one who has a mental illness, and
provide care for the 250,000 estimated persons who are homeless and
have a mental illness. You can listen to the
interview
here .
To share your
thoughts on this story,
click here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington
Office
2332 Rayburn House Office Bldg.
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202)
225-2301
Fax: (202) 225-1844
Pittsburgh Office
504 Washington
Road
Pittsburgh, PA
15228
Phone:
(412) 344-5583
Fax: (412) 429-5092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 850-7312
Fax: (724)
850-7315
Click Here to Email Congressman Tim Murphy
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
