
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
December 20, 2013
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Newsroom
|
Our District
|
Constituent Services
|
Visit DC
|
Contact
Tim
In This Week's Edition of E-News
...
Widow of Carnegie WWII Vet Receives Greatest Christmas
present
Murphy Visits Mine Safety Training Center as White House Aims Stop
International Coal Projects
Forum Explores Prospect of Care
Rationing
Westmoreland Anti-Poverty Group Expanding
Operations, Creating Local Jobs
Edgeworth and Moon Weigh In
On 911th, Job Creation
Widow of Carnegie WWII Vet Receives
Greatest Christmas present
Rep. Murphy with Lena
Enrietti, the widow of SWPA native and WWII hero Ernest Enrietti.
At a ceremony held at the Lifespan Chartiers Senior Center in
Carnegie on Thursday, Congressman Murphy presented the family of World War
II veteran Signalman First Class Ernest Enrietti with service medals
and commendations that he earned while serving in the U.S. Navy.
Signalman Enrietti, who passed away in 1995, served in the Pacific Theater
and displayed outstanding heroism against Japanese forces during
deployment in the Philippines.
Like
most in his generation, Mr. Enrietti returned without fanfare to
raise his family. For decades, he owned and operated a newsstand on Main
Street in Carnegie. This past summer, Carnegie Mayor Jack Kobistek
presented his widow Lena with a flag in gratitude for his contributions to
the community and the coutry.
"I am honored to present Ernest Enrietti's wife Lena with the medals
he earned serving our country in World War II," said Mr. Murphy. "His
courage and sacrifice contributed to our ultimate victory in the
Pacific and the liberation of millions in Asia and
Europe."
On hand for the ceremony were members of
the local American Legion and Veterans of Foreign Wars post, as well as
Mayor Kobistek. Among many medals and ribbons, Rep. Murphy presented
Mrs. Enrietti with the World War II Victory Medal, the American
Campaign Medal, and the Asiatic Pacific Campaign Medal with two Silver and
two Bronze Star appurtenances.
This is the greatest Christmas present I could receive, Lena
Enrietti said. I'm just so happy.
Earlier in the week, Rep. Murphy joined Veterans Committee Chairman
Jeff Miller (R-FL) in introducing two bills to stop changes to the
cost-of-living-adjustment (COLA) for military retirees that came as a
result of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (H.J.Res.59). The Miller-Murphy
legislation eliminates COLA reductions for service members who choose
to retire from the military prior to age 62. The second bill ensures
no veteran who retired for medical reasons or is receiving
combat-related or disability payments is inadvertently impacted by a change to
the COLA.
Murphy said that
while the Bipartisan Budget Act is an important step forward in allowing
Congress to scrutinize programs that have been running on autopilot for
the past two years, deficit reduction must never be accomplished on
the backs of service members who dedicated their careers to their
country. The President is expected to sign the budget agreement into law by
the end of the week.
To
share your thoughts on veterans' issues, please
click here .
Murphy Visits Mine Safety Training Center as White
House Aims Stop International Coal
Projects
Jobs in the coal mining sector employ nearly
9,000 Pennsylvanians, paying an average yearly salary upwards of $79,000.
Many aspects of coal mining require a specialized skill set and
intense safety training. Thats where the Mine Technology and Training
Center in Ruff Creek, Greene County comes in, training new and current
workers in the mining industry.
The MTTC has trained hundreds of Appalachian miners at its 40,000-foot
simulated coal mine. These advanced training skills have contributed
to a fifty percent decline in mine-related fatalities since the
mid-1990s. On Wednesday, Congressman Tim Murphy visited with the training
center and met with the MTTC executive board to discuss the future of
coal mining, advancing clean coal and to update them on his work to stop
the Administrations anti-coal agenda.
Murphy explained that not only is the Administration
pursuing new regulations to shut down coal usage in the United States, but
the White House is now trying to block the use of coal overseas. This
month, the Treasury Department announced it would bypass Congress and
push forward with a regulation making it harder for American companies
to participate in coal-fueled power plant projects in foreign nations,
especially in countries with high rates of
poverty.
One of the main reasons why nations struggle
in poverty is a lack of access to affordable electricity. Thats why
power projects in third-world nations
where 1.3 billion people live
without access to electricity
adopt coal as a primary fuel source.
American firms benefit when foreign nations construct coal plants because
the facilities use American-made
equipment.
The new Treasury Department restrictions, however,
will threaten thousands of domestic manufacturing jobs including those at
a Hollidaysburg, Blair County coal processing equipment maker where
foreign projects are 90 percent of the companys business. Last week,
leadership of the House Energy and Commerce Committee
announced a review
of the Treasury Departments climate change
regulations.
To learn more
about Rep. Murphys work to promote clean coal, please click
here .
To share
your thoughts on the latest anti-coal regulations from the White House,
please
click
here .
Forum Explores Prospect
of Care Rationing
During a public forum on the Affordable Care Act in the South Hills
Friday, physicians warned that new government boards and panels could
interfere with a doctors ability to prescribe to a patient the most
effective treatment.
Congressman Murphy updates the audience on the
latest Affordable Care Act
delay.
At Government Detailing and
its Impact on Doctors and Patients, local doctors Bruce MacLeod, David
Parda, and Amelia Pare, who is President of the Allegheny County
Medical Society, joined Congressman Tim Murphy for a discussion on the
future of American medicine.
The
event was kicked off by forum moderator Andrew Spiegel, executive
director of the Global Colon Cancer Association, who described how
contractors hired by the Department of Health and Human Services have begun
visiting doctors at their medical practices to encourage them to change
their prescribing and treatment decisions. Mr. Spiegel said this
initiative is meant to pressure doctors toward choosing less expensive
treatments over others in order to save the federal government
money.
Spiegel described how other
government-run healthcare systems ration care through pricing decisions.
For example, the National Health Service of Great Britain uses a metric
called QALYS or quality-adjusted life years to ration treatments
for elderly individuals. The BBC one-hour documentary
Price of Life
followed the story of a British patient fighting
to get life-saving cancer treatment that was initially
denied.
During the event, Congressman Murphy
described how a new government panel known as the Independent Payment
Advisory Board, or IPAB, will make decisions on how much to reimburse
doctors accepting Medicare. None of the IPAB recommendations must be
approved by Congress, and at least half of the IPAB appointees cannot
have medical experience.
In
related news, the White House quietly announced late Thursday yet
another major change to its signature healthcare law. In a
major last-minute policy shift , the White House conceded the
looming deadline to replace insurance plans canceled because of new
standards under the ACA could not be met. Under the new accommodation, an
estimated six million people who had their plans cancelled may not
have to comply with the laws individual mandate. In addition, if your
plan was canceled and you have been unable to find a comparable one, the
White House said you may now be permitted by the government to buy a
cheap catastrophic coverage. This major change comes with just days
left before the law is set to take
effect.
Even though the law was meant to provide insurance
coverage for most Americans, analysts are now
predicting
fewer people will have insurance in 2014 than before the ACA because
of the disastrous launch of the web
site.
Despite delaying mandates in the law for insurers, big
businesses, and certain groups of individuals, the White House has
refused to grant the same relief to all Americans. Murphy is a cosponsor
of bipartisan
Keep Your Health Plan
Act , which passed the House last month. The bill would allow
insurance carriers currently selling coverage in the individual and small
group marketplace to continue offering those plans after January 1,
2014, so those who have received cancellation notices can maintain the
coverage they currently have as promised by President Obama as his
signature healthcare law was debated in Congress. The White House has
threatened to veto the bill should it pass the
Senate.
To share your thoughts on the Affordable Care
Act, please
click
here .
Westmoreland Anti-Poverty Group Expanding Operations, Creating
Local Jobs
Westmoreland Community Action helps low-income families
with housing, healthcare, and educational
needs.
A shuttered
hardware and lumber store in Westmoreland County has been brought back
to life by a local charity group. Yesterday, dozens of Westmoreland
County residents and leaders, including Mount Pleasant Mayor Jerry Lucia
and Congressman Tim Murphy, gathered at the
Shop
Demo Depot
in Mt. Pleasant to recognize the efforts of the stores
owner, Westmoreland Community Action, which has received a federal
grant to continue the organizations social services
mission.
Tay Waltenbaugh,
Westmoreland Community Action
CEO, said the grant will be used to help
expand operations at the not-for-profit construction supply store.
Shop Demo Depot sells recycled and reusable building materials from
construction, remodeling, and demolition projects. The expansion is
expected to create 27 full-time jobs for individuals who face employment
challenges such as single or non-custodial parents and low-income
individuals.
The grant will allow
Westmoreland Community Action to continue in its mission of helping
local struggling families, assisting them in transforming their lives much
in the same way Shop Demo Depot has revitalized a shuttered, blighted
hardware store into a successful business in Mt. Pleasant.
Westmoreland Community Action is at the forefront of the local fight against
poverty, offering a variety of assistance to underserved groups in the
form of housing services, emergency assistance, child development, and
mental health programs.
Last
week, Mr. Murphy introduced landmark mental health reform legislation.
The
Helping Families In Mental Health Crisis Act
(H.R. 3717), will improve services available at community mental
health centers for children and disabled adults on Medicaid, and improve
access to emergency psychiatric care for individuals with serious
mental illness. Mr. Murphys bill was
hailed by the
editors of the National Review
as providing solutions [which] will
improve care for people with serious mental illness while keeping
patients, the public, and the police safer.
To share your thoughts on local anti-poverty charities,
please
click
here .
Edgeworth and Moon
Weigh In On 911th, Job Creation
Murphy describes successful
effort to keep open the 911th Airlift
Wing.
After receiving more
than a dozen letters from seniors enrolled in the U.S. AP and
Politics course at Moon Area High School, Congressman Murphy paid a visit to
the class to answer student questions on topics ranging from the
status of the Congressmans work to keep open the 911 th
Airlift
Wing to the economic opportunities spurred by natural gas development
at the Pittsburgh International Airport ( click
here
for more about Rep. Murphys participation in the airport
project).
Along with the students,
Principal Barry Balaski and A.P. Government Teacher Chris Deramo joined
Murphy in the forum.
Later in
the day, Congressman Murphy was in nearby Edgeworth Borough to meet
with members of Edgeworth Council and speak at the monthly Council
Meeting, which is held on the third Tuesday each
month.
Rep. Murphy answered several questions about
tax reform, discussing efforts in Congress to re-write the tax code and
advance significant spending cuts. Cutting spending, Murphy said, can
drive the tax reform process. He explained that the tax rate in the
United States, which at 35% is the highest amongst developed countries,
needs major changes so that loopholes dont continue to explode while
the overall tax burden keeps inching upward.
Congressman Murphy also discussed his recently
introduced Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act (H.R. 3717).
Described as
historic legislation
by the
president of the American Psychiatric Association during an appearance on
the PBS News Hour, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act
would be the most significant overhaul of the mental health system since
President Kennedys Community Mental Health Centers Act of
1963. To learn more about the legislation,
click
here .
To share your thoughts on
this story,
click
here .
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
The 2013 Christmas tree at the U.S.
Capitol
Please Feel
Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
OFFICE
LOCATIONS
Washington
Office
2332 Rayburn House Office Bldg.
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2301
Fax: (202) 225-1844
Pittsburgh Office
504 Washington
Road
Pittsburgh, PA
15228
Phone: (412)
344-5583
Fax: (412) 429-5092
Greensburg Office
2040
Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 850-7312
Fax: (724) 850-7315
Click Here to Email Congressman Tim Murphy
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 