
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
December 13, 2013
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
The Week Just Passed: Toward Fiscal
Responsibility
House Advances Kids First Research
Act
New Healthcare Law Uncertainty and
Worry
Planning for Your Future: Social Security and
Medicare
This Weeks Salute: Happy Birthday National
Guard!
The Week Just Passed:
Toward Fiscal Responsibility
While most New
Jerseyans were rightfully occupied with their busy lives this week, a
little-noted event occurred in Washington: Republicans and Democrats came
together to pass a modest budget agreement that takes the prospect
of another government shutdown off the table for two
years.
This agreement represents a firm step in the right direction because
it further reduces the budget deficit without raising taxes on
hardworking New Jersey residents.
Discipline is maintained: the bill
retains 92% of the sequester spending cuts, but it reduces spending in a
smarter way and makes long-term pension reforms.
Of
course, when one party has a majority in the House and the other
party runs the Senate, no one gets everything they want.
But we can
still make progress toward our goals:
the agreement balances the
budget in 10 years.
Passing a budget is the first step
toward righting our fiscal ship.
If the Senate agrees, we all can
be encouraged by the progress that Congress is making to break through
the partisan gridlock to fulfill one of our most basic duties
funding the operations of the federal government. So at least for the time
being, Washington will not lurch from crisis to
crisis.
In a divided government the American people expect Members of both
parties to work to find common ground to move the nation forward.
While this budget agreement is not perfect, it is a step towards bridging
our differences and bringing fiscal responsibility to Washington
a
prerequisite for a healthy American economy.
Rodney
Frelinghuysen
House Advances Kids First Research
Act
With Rodneys strong support, the House this week passed legislation
designed to boost research efforts aimed at combating childhood
diseases and disorders. H.R. 2019, the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research
Act, eliminates taxpayer funding for presidential campaigns and
conventions, and redirects that funding to medical researchinto pediatric
diseases and disorders such as cancer, autism and Fragile X.
Throughout my career, I have been a strong supporter of the
incredible life-saving work thats underway at the National Institutes of
Health and other medical research centers, Rodney said.
This
bill is an opportunity to advance health research for millions of
young patients who suffer from rare and genetic disorders. Yes, weve made
great strides in finding cures and treatments, we still have a great
amount of work to do.
The Gabriella Miller Kids First
Research Act would require the Director of the NIH to allocate $126
million$12.6 million each year for 10 yearsof appropriated funds for
pediatric research. The money would be re-designated from the Presidential
Election Campaign Fund for national party conventions.
The
bill passed the House on Wednesday on a 295-103
vote.
New Healthcare Law: Uncertainty and
Worry
'Uncertainly,' is a word Rodney hears a great deal when hes out and about
in Morris, Essex, Passaic and Sussex counties these days.
He
also hears it when he conducts Telephone Town Hall meetings, as he did
again Wednesday evening.
Theres uncertainty about the
economy and jobs.
Uncertainty about more regulations and higher
taxes.
And, of course, uncertainly about the President's health care
law, he said.
"There is no doubt that we had a broken
health insurance system that needed some fixes, but what we got was the
Presidents new healthcare law and a whole raft of questions: Can I keep
my doctor? How much will costs go up? Is the website working yet? Is
my information safe and secure? What is the next delay the President
will issue?
For your information, here is a sampling of the
reporting this week about the Presidents new healthcare
law:
Recommended Reading : Lindy Washburn and Barbara
Williams of the
Bergen Record
write , Many New Jerseyans stuck in health care limbo as
Dec. 23 deadline nears.
Recommended Reading:
The key Obamacare deadline few are talking about.
Amid the rush to enroll as many people as possible by the
December 23 deadline, theres a huge caveat that is not getting much public
attention: In order for coverage to take effect on January 1,
enrollees must pay their first months premium on time. (The deadline varies
somewhat by state and by insurer.)
Read more
here .
Recommended Reading:
Leslie
Scismand Timothy W. Martin, writing in the Monday
Wall
Street Journal , High Deductibles Fuel New Worries of
Health-Law Sticker Shock .
Some Lower-Cost Plans Carry
Steep Deductibles, Posing Financial Challenge.
Read it
here .
Planning for Your Future: Social
Security and Medicare
The
Wall
Street Journal
this week reported on a new report:
"Social Security and Medicare Taxes and Benefits Over a Lifetime: 2013
Update" by the Urban Institute, a nonprofit research and educational
group.
The document offers an interesting look at the taxes you will
contribute to, and the benefits you are likely to receive from, these
two programs in your lifetime.
For example, the
Journal
reports, Consider: A one-earner
couple with a high wage ($71,700 in 2013 dollars) retiring in 2015 can
expect lifetime Social Security benefits of $640,000. The same couple
can expect to get $427,000 in lifetime Medicare benefitswhile paying
only $111,000 in Medicare taxes
Read the Urban Institute
report
here .
This
Weeks Salute: Happy 377 th
Birthday National
Guard!
The citizens of the State of New Jersey owe a great deal to
the New Jersey National Guard. As we saw last year with its response to
Hurricane Sandy, the Guards impressive versatility enables its troops
to respond to domestic emergencies, combat missions, counter-drug
efforts - all with equal speed and efficiency. Whether the call is coming
from Governor Christie or from President Obama, Guardsmen and women
are always ready and always there.
Although the countrys
growth and expansion has made it a large military force today, the
National Guard still remains a cornerstone of our communities
just as it
did when it was given birth on December 13, 1636.
Happy
Birthday to our National Guard!
Contact Information
WASHINGTON,
D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place,
Second Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
