
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
Friday, December 20, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Rep. Marc Veasey - 2013 Year in Review
Dear Friend:
In my first year in office, I have worked hard to address the needs of the DFW Metroplex using the insights and ideas of my constituents to develop commonsense solutions in Congress to break through the gridlock in Washington.
I have pushed issues critically important to families, small businesses, and communities in the 33rd Congressional District including job creation, health and wellness, support for our seniors and our military.
My office has helped people in cities and towns across the Metroplex cut through red tape on a wide range of issues assisting families with visas and immigration, making sure seniors get their Social Security checks, helping constituents receive over $30 thousand dollars of rightfully owed refund money, sponsoring key legislation to improve the well-being of families and helping to secure over $63 million dollars in grant funding to improve our community and economy.
I have made it a priority to spend time listening to my constituents in the DFW and seeking their input. I have hosted eight Congress on Your Corner events and enjoyed hearing from constituents at numerous town halls on immigration reform, the Affordable Care Act and seniors issues, as well as attending hundreds of community events across the district. I also make frequent visits to local service and community organizations, senior centers, schools, colleges, and other sites to learn more about the needs of Texas 33rd District constituents.
I realize there is still a lot more to be done to strengthen jobs and the economy in the Metroplex. I am committed to promoting job growth and economic security throughout my first term in Congress. This is why I am hosting a
FREE
Job Fair in Fort Worth on January 24, 2014 .
Below you will find some highlights of successful work and issues we have tackled this year. District Staff in any of my three congressional offices in Dallas, Fort Worth and Washington, D.C. are committed to meeting the needs of the people of the DFWs 33rd Congressional District and I look forward to being of assistance to you or your family in the coming year.
Sincerely,
Congressman Marc Veasey
Texas District 33
IN THIS ISSUE
Health Care
Jobs, Education and the Economy
Immigration Reform
Security for Seniors
HEALTH CARE
Promoting quality healthcare you and your family deserve
With over 265,000 uninsured residents in the 33rd District, I have been working hard for you and your family to get the health coverage you need to lead a healthy life.
To better prepare you to enroll in the new Health Insurance Marketplace:
I hosted a tele-town hall in Congressional District 33 to answer your questions, in conjunction with the Congressional Black Caucus.
I helped secure over 6 million dollars in funding for Dallas and Tarrant County to assist in educating our community about the Affordable Care Act (ACA).
I conducted an ACA Community Health Listening Tour in the Metroplex to learn how federal grants have been used at Northside Community Health Center in Fort Worth and the Los Barrios Unidos Community Health Center in Dallas.
As a strong advocate of healthy lifestyles, I authored legislation and hosted various efforts across the Metroplex to improve your well-being.
I brought First Lady Michelle Obama's
Let's Move
Campaign events to the DFW area and authored a resolution to designate the month of May as "Health and Fitness Month," H.R. 195.
Congressman Veasey speaks to local volunteers enrolling CD33 residents for affordable health insurance .
JOBS, EDUCATION AND THE ECONOMY
Educating our future workforce to advance the economy of the Metroplex
I'm here to support small business, improve education and strengthen the middle-class.
I strongly oppose sequestration and I am a co-sponsor of H.R. 900, the Cancel the Sequester Act.
I led a letter of support with Congressman Ed Pastor (AZ) and 66 members of Congress to President Obama to call upon the Department of Justice to allow American Airlines and US Airways to move forward with a merger, saving more than 20,000 jobs in DFW.
This summer, I hosted a Small Business Forum to get small business owners connected with federal agencies, local chambers of commerce, and other business leaders about contracting opportunities with the federal government.
The first bill that I authored in Congress, H.R. 1816, the Veterans STEM Education Program Act, would help repay our veterans for their military service with additional STEM education benefits under the Post-911 GI Bill.
I am proud to be an original co-sponsor of H.R. 1010, the Fair Minimum Wage Act of 2013. This key legislation increases the federal minimum wage.
Congressman Veasey meets with members of the United Steelworkers to discuss jobs in the district.
IMMIGRATION REFORM
Champion for fair and common-sense Comprehensive Immigration Reform
I will continue to fight to protect families until we bring our 11 million undocumented immigrants out of the shadows. The time for comprehensive immigration reform is now. I am working hard every day to make this a reality.
I am a proud original co-sponsor of H.R. 15, the Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act
Congressman Luis Gutierrez (IL), Chairman of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Immigration Taskforce, joined me for an immigration reform roundtable in Dallas.
I hosted Congressman Joaquin Castro (TX) at the screening of The Dream Is Now, where we discussed solutions to immigration reform.
My offices are here to help you get the answers you need from Federal Agencies such as the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS).
This year my staff assisted Ms. Neringa Dando of Arlington obtain her green card after she filed for a second time. In just two weeks, we were able to get her green card confirmed and mailed to her at no additional cost.
After waiting 6 months, Mr. Asdrubal Diaz contacted our office when he urgently needed his expired green card renewed. My office contacted the National Benefits Center and Mr. Diaz received his renewed card in just three weeks.
Congressman Veasey hosts a DREAM Act press conference.
SECURITY FOR SENIORS
Working hard to protect the rights and benefits of our seniors
I am dedicated to preserving benefits that our seniors rely on. After a lifetime of hard work, seniors should be guaranteed access to healthcare and retirement income in their golden years.
I authored H.R. 2051, the Grandparents Tax Credit Act of 2013. The legislation would provide a $500 refundable tax credit for grandparents residing in the primary residence of a child they are helping raise.
I hosted a Senior Issues Forum that answered questions regarding government benefits for seniors, demonstrated ways to promote healthy lifestyles, and how to detect and avoid fraud.
My three Congressional Offices continue to work for you, when you need assistance.
Ms. Joyce Brown of Fort Worth contacted our office when misinformation led to her being wrongfully charged for her late husbands medical bills. In just two weeks, my office corrected the issue and now her late husbands Medicare insurance covered 100% of the charges incurred prior to his death.
This is just one example of the many ways my office is here for you.
In order to fight for the issues that mater to YOU the most, voice YOUR concerns by
contacting
any of my three congressional offices or connecting with me through my
official social media pages . Together we can move the 33rd Congressional District forward.
Contact Me
E-Newsletter Sign-Up
Help with a Federal Agency
Flag Request
Visit Washington, D.C.
CONNECT WITH ME
Washington, DC Office
414 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
P: (202) 225-9897
F: (202) 225-9702
Dallas District Office
JP Morgan Chase Building
1881 Sylvan Ave., Ste. 108
Dallas, TX 75208
P: (214) 741-1387
F: (214) 741-2026
Fort Worth District Office
Office Tower at La Gran Plaza
4200 South Freeway, Suite 412
Fort Worth, TX 76115
P: (817) 920-9086
F: (817) 920-9324
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
