
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Concerns Mount Over Security of the ObamaCare Website
Jan 2, 2014
Harrison Township, MI &#8211; U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) today made the following comments amid the growing cases
of data breaches nationwide compromising personal and financial information &#8211; pointing to the serious concerns over the security of the ObamaCare website.
Miller said:
&#8220;As technology grows, so does security concerns over the protection of personal information.
Over the past few weeks alone
we have seen an increasing amount of personal and financial information at risk due to hackers circumventing companies&#8217; security infrastructure, such as the data breach at Target compromising at least 40 million credit or debit cards.
These concerns require
us all, individuals and companies, to stay ahead of the curve when protecting all forms of transactions.
&#8220;American&#8217;s demand and deserve to have greater transparency in regards to how their most personal and sensitive information
is being processed, stored and secured.
These concerns do not waiver but only grow exponentially in regards to the new health care website.
Over the past few months, committees in the House of Representatives heard testimony regarding the security protections,
or lack thereof, within the new health care website.
The outcome of these hearings: none of these security concerns have been diminished, but only grew.
I serve on the House Committee on Homeland Security and one thing became crystal clear during the testimony
we received in November 2013 from the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) witnesses: DHS played little to no role in planning, designing and implementing the security portions of the Healthcare.gov website.
This is an astonishing fact given that DHS is
the department charged with protecting federal government websites from cybersecurity threats.
&#8220;The vulnerability of the health care website is of great concern.
This month, the House will begin work on legislative
measures aimed at strengthening the security requirements within the new health care website, as well as require prompt notifications to individuals in the event of a breach involving their personal information.
Any delay in ensuring that the health care
website has the highest security standards in place is unacceptable.
Americans deserve to have the confidence that their personal information is protected, and the Administration must work with the Congress to protect the American people from these threats
to their personal information.&#8221;
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
