
The
Hastings Monthly Report
December 2013
Dear Friends:
Thank you for signing up to receive my monthly E-newsletter, the Hastings Monthly Report. Every month, I will send updates on what Congress has been focused on, and how I am working hard in Washington on behalf of South Florida.
Additionally, I will continue to post day-to-day updates on my
Official Website
and
Facebook page .
Please visit these pages regularly to receive important information about the many issues facing Congress.
Movie Screening at the Capitol of
The List
On November 20, 2013, I was proud to welcome Kirk Johnson, founder of The List Project and author of
To Be a Friend Is Fatal: the Fight to Save the Iraqis America Left Behind
back to the United States Capitol for a film screening of
The List . Since 2007, Kirk has worked tirelessly to bring greater attention to the plight of our Iraqi allies who remain in harms way after the completion of the U.S. mission in Iraq. The List Project has grown significantly in that time, and has succeeded in resettling nearly 1,500 Iraqis who fled their country out of fear or violence.
The Department of Defense (DOD) estimates that over 36,000 Iraqis worked with American forces in 2009, and the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) reported that roughly 70,000 Iraqis worked for U.S. government agencies or their contractors in Iraq as of August 2008.
Kirk Johnson and film director Beth Murphy discuss the Iraqi Special Immigrant Visa Backlog at a screening of
The List
in the Rayburn House Office Building
When Congress passed the
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 , 25,000 Special Immigrant Visas were created for U.S.-affiliated Iraqis through September 2013. To date, a mere 7,000 of these SIVs have been awarded and 18,000 remain unclaimed. After briefly expiring in October, the Iraqi SIV program was extended through December 2013.
Iraqis who worked with American forces as translators and guides put themselves and their families at great risk, and many continue to fear for their lives as a result. I was proud to vote in favor of the extension of the SIV program in Congress, and am hopeful that the extension will give the State Department the time it needs to finish processing the thousands of pending applications, many of which have been pending for more than two years.
District Visits in the Glades
In November, I was pleased to visit with students at Pahokee Senior High School and Glades Central Community High School to speak with them about staying focused, setting and achieving goals, and aspiring to careers in law and political science. Education is critical to the success of our children, as well as the economic competitiveness of our nation. We must continue to provide our students with both the motivation to learn and thrive in their schools, and the resources they need to succeed in advancing their education through technical college, vocational school, community college, and traditional four-year college institutions.
Rep. Hastings meets with students in Pahokee
Additionally, I visited the Sago Palm Re-Entry center located in Pahokee to see first-hand how we are working to reduce recidivism and keep new people from ending up on the streets. Upwards of 650,000 people are released from state and federal prisons each year, and roughly 10 percent of these individuals have no place to go upon being released.
As co-chair of the Congressional Homelessness Caucus, I know that one of the best ways to fight homelessness is to prevent it before it happens. We must continue to look for ways to provide vocational training to those men and women preparing to reenter society, in addition to those currently living their lives without permanent housing. Allowing men, women, and children to live on the streets is not a standard America should be willing to accept, and we must work together to advocate for those who so often cannot advocate for themselves.
Legislation in Focus:
The
Keep Your Health Plan Act of 2013
(H.R. 3350)
During a meeting of the House Rules Committee on November 14, 2013, I spoke in opposition to H.R. 3350, the
Keep your Health Plan Act of 2013 . H.R. 3350 is yet another attempt to undermine the
Affordable Care Act
(ACA) by allowing plans that do not comply with the minimum requirements of the ACA to continue being sold. Among other things, this legislation would allow insurance companies to continue excluding people based on pre-existing conditions, charging women more than men for the same coverage, and setting annual caps on benefits. H.R. 3350 will do nothing to reduce the cost of health care or improve health outcomes, and is the 46th piece of legislation offered by Republicans in the 113th Congress that attempts to undermine or repeal the ACA.
Rep. Hastings speaks at a Rules Committee Hearing on
H.R. 3350, the
Keep Your Health Plan Act of 2013
For more information on the various issues that I am working on, please visit my official website at
www.alceehastings.house.gov .
With warm personal regards, I remain,
Sincerely,
Alcee L. Hastings
Member of Congress
20th District of Florida
www.AlceeHastings.house.gov
Quick Links
Website
Press Releases
Blog
Email Signup
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Washington Office
2353 Rayburn Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Tel: (202) 225-1313
Broward County Office
2701 W. Oakland Park Blvd, Suite 200
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33311
Tel: (954) 733-2800
Palm Beach County Office
Town of Mangonia Park Municipal Center
1755 East Tiffany Drive
Mangonia Park, FL 33407
Tel: (561) 676-7911
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here