
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
Home
About Louise
Serving You
Issues
25th District
Newsroom
Blog
Multimedia
Contact
Dear
David,
Today, families
throughout Rochester and across the United States will sit down for
Thanksgiving and offer thanks for the blessings of 2013. As you do, Id
like to share with you the story of one incredible person for whom I am
thankful this year: Mr. Janis Shinwari.
Janis was born in
1978 in Jalalabad, Pakistan. As a child, Janis began learning English
by watching American movies. He liked the accent, and learned much of
the language by the time the United States began military action in
Afghanistan following the attacks of September 11, 2001.
Army
Captain Matthew Zeller (left) and interpreter Janis Shinwari
(right)
In 2006, Janis risked his life by volunteering to
serve alongside the United States military as an interpreter. In the
years that followed, he became a trusted member of our military
operations. In fact, he was so trusted by our men and women in uniform that he
was repeatedly asked to grab a weapon and enter some of the most
dangerous war zones in Afghanistan to help complete our military
missions.
On April 18, 2008, Janis found himself responding to such
a request. A Rochester-area native, Army Captain Matthew Zeller, and
his fellow soldiers were victims of a roadside bomb and subsequent
attack from Taliban forces that day. After receiving a call for help,
Janis grabbed his gun and raced into battle, where he found Captain Zeller
exposed to enemy gunfire without back-up protection. As Janis
approached Captain Zeller to provide support, he noticed two Taliban fighters
sneaking up from behind and readying their rifles to shoot Captain
Zeller.
Janis took quick action, killing both fighters
before dragging Captain Zeller to safety.
In the months that
followed, Janis continued to bravely serve the United States as he
fought to protect his homeland from the oppressive rule of the Taliban.
Inevitably, his work resulted in his name being added to a Taliban
kill list. From then on, Janis and his family went to bed each night
knowing that the next day could be Janis last.
In 2011,
Janis decided that in order to protect himself and his family after the
United States leaves Afghanistan, he had to apply for a Special
Immigrant Visa available for Afghan interpreters and emigrate to the United
States. Given that he had already passed a thorough background check
and had bravely served the United States for years, his visa should have
been approved without delay.
Instead, Janis
application- like the applications of many other brave interpreters- became the
subject of political indifference and bureaucratic nightmares in
Washington, DC. Janis waited a year, then another year- the entire time
still living under threats on his life. In a twist almost impossible to
believe, Janis was finally granted a visa before having it revoked as he
was packing and preparing to depart for the United
States.
Such injustice is no way to treat brave heroes like Janis. After
being contacted by Captain Zeller, I began calling on the US State
Department to re-evaluate their decision and grant Janis and his family
visas to the United States. I contacted officials throughout the
department, including Secretary of State John Kerry, and my staff followed up
with the department officials on an almost daily
basis.
In one such letter to Secretary of State Kerry, I wrote, Mr. Shinwari
took on enormous personal risk to assist the U.S. in our mission to
liberate the people of Afghanistan from Taliban rule. He served
honorably for seven years and deserves the opportunity to receive fair
consideration for a new life in the U.S.
Read
more about my work for Janis in
USA
Today .
Finally, in late October of this year, we received word that the State
Department would grant Janis and his family visas. On October 30, 2013
Captain Zeller drove to the airport to welcome Janis and his family
as they landed in the United States.
Last Tuesday I had
the honor of welcoming Janis to my office in the United States Capitol
and presenting him with housewarming gifts as he and his family settle
into their new home.
Louise meets with Janis and Captain Zeller.
View more photos of Janis visit
here.
This Thanksgiving, I want to offer my own humble thanks to Janis,
Captain Zeller, and the men and women of our Armed Forces for their brave
service to our country. I remain as committed as ever to delivering on
the promises we have made to our interpreters and our militarys
veterans- brave heroes who deserve nothing
less.
Sincerely,
P.S.
Do you know someone who needs
financial assistance to stay warm throughout the winter months? The Home
Energy Assistance Program (HEAP) is now accepting applications. Interested
residents who live in Monroe County, NY should call: (585) 753-6477.
Monroe County residents age 60 or older should call: (505) 244-8400
ext. 102.
Tell A Friend
Forward this
email:
Rochester Office
3120 Federal Building
100 State Street
Rochester, NY 14614
Phone: (585)
232-4850
Fax: (585) 232-1954
Washington
D.C. Office
2469 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-3615
Fax: (202) 225-7822
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
