
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing the 36th District
December 09, 2013
The Hill Report
Congressman Steve Stockman's Weekly
Newsletter
President Obama's China
Sellout:
Last week, China declared an "Air Defense
Identification Zone" over areas of Japanese waters and their Senkaku
Islands. Initially the White House sent airplanes over the area to offer
support for Japan, but then gave in to China's demands and appears to
be accepting their incursions and threats against our allies Japan
and South Korea.
The U.S. has a mutual defense treaty with
Japan, and by accepting China's escalation in their long range goal to
seize seas far from China and the territories and lands of Japan, South
Korea, Taiwan and other nations, the President threatens by showing
weakness to draw us into hostilities. The Congressman's position is
China must cancel this attempt to claim sovereignty over Japanese
territory and international seas, and not create additional hostile
zones.
Human Rights:
Prominent Ethiopian
human rights activists visited with Steve Stockman this week
concerning human rights abuses in Ethiopia. Some of the representatives had
been jailed and tortured for speaking out against
tyranny.
The visit was organized by the human rights 'watchdog' organization,
Freedom House.
NASA and
Space:
NASA Associate Administrator Robert Lightfoot was on Capitol Hill this
week, discussing this year's NASA programs and a look at next year's
programs, including the first launch of the Orion capsule, scheduled
for September, 2014.
The House Science Committee was prepared
to approve HR 3625, a bill to end a costly mandate called
"termination liability" which forces space industries to lock up hundreds of
millions of dollars rather than use the funds to build our next generation
of spacecraft. At the last moment, the Democrats threw up a
roadblock, resulting in a delay on the bill until next week.
Other
bills on improved weather forecasting and drought programs were
successfully passed, and will go to the House floor for a vote in the near
future.
Congressman Stockman is a cosponsor of HR 3625 and
will work to see it pass the House and go to the Senate, where passage
is possible. The result will be savings to
taxpayers.
Space X Launch - Returning Commercial Satellite Launches to
America:
Congressman Stockman congratulated Space X for their successful launch of
a communications satellite on Tuesday. This is an important moment
for America and for creating jobs, as it is the first launch of a
commercial satellite on an American rocket in years. The satellite launch
market is a $6.5 billion industry, and the Congressman is glad to see
this successful inaugural launch, which heralds many more over coming
months and years.
Questionable
Constitutional Authority Statement:
Representatives
are required to cite the specific constitutional authority for a new
law when introducing a bill. Sometimes Democrats get creative or show
their ignorance of the Constitution. The Republican Study Committee
shared Rep. Earl Blumenauer's (D-OR) designation of a previously unknown
section of the Constitution as justification for three
bills!
Constitutional Authority Statement:
Title I, Section
8
"Why this is an inadequate
explanation :
At bare minimum, a Constitutional Authority Statement should cite a
portion of the Constitution that exists. This statement fails to meet
even this rudimentary standard by citing the nonexistent Title I,
Section 8 of (presumably) the U.S. Constitution. More egregious, this
as of yet unknown portion of the Constitution is used to justify not
one, not two, but
three
separate bills." (Source Republican
Study Committee)
You can count on Congressman Stockman to
defend our Constitution.
Connect with
Steve:
If you arent already following
Congressman Stockman on the web and social media, get connected for the latest
news and commentaries!
www.Stockman.House.gov
www.Facebook.com/CongressmanStockman
www.Twitter.com/SteveWorks4You
www.Youtube.com/SteveStockmanTX
District Offices
8060 Spencer Highway, Building 1,
Suite 108 Pasadena, TX 77505 - (281) 478 2799
907 E. Houston St. Cleveland, TX 77327 -
(409) 883 8028
420
Green Avenue Orange, TX 77630 - (409) 883
8075
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
