
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
DECEMBER 6, 2013
Please allow me to update you on some of the events this week.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks to the Detroit Economic Club
Earlier today, I spoke to the Detroit Economic Club and presented a plan that provides depressed or bankrupt areas with new economic opportunities. The
Economic Freedom Zone Act of 2013
removes the shackles of Big Government by reducing taxes, government regulations and burdensome union work requirements.
These zones will apply to any zip code with unemployment greater than one and a half times the national average, including parts of Eastern Kentucky and Louisville. Economic Freedom Zones will dramatically reduce taxes and red tape so that families and businesses in these cities can grow and thrive.
The answer to poverty and unemployment is not another government bailout; it is simply leaving more money in the hands of those who earned it. The Economic Freedom Zones Act of 2013 will do just that.
Click
HERE
to watch my speech.
(Dr. Rand Paul speaks to the Detroit Economic Club
- Dec. 6, 2013)
Dr. Rand Paul Visits Louisville Area, Northern Kentucky
On Thursday, I participated in events in Prospect, La Grange, Alexandria and Covington.
In Prospect, I visited Captain's Quarters Riverside Grille for a lunch meet-and-greet event with fellow Kentuckians. I discussed my Economic Freedom Zones proposal, as well as the ongoing problems with Obamacare.
Click
HERE
for a story from WHAS-TV about my visit to Prospect.
Next, I visited Rails Restaurant in La Grange for a meet and greet event. While there, I heard from many Kentuckians who expressed concerns regarding Obamacare and other issues.
(Dr. Rand Paul visits with Kentuckians at Rails Restaurant in La Grange
- Dec. 5, 2013 - Photo credit: Laura Stanton)
Later in the afternoon, I traveled to Alexandria, where I participated in a meet-and-greet event at Miss Shirley's Bakery.
Click
HERE
to read a story from the Kentucky Enquirer about my visit to Alexandria.
(Dr. Rand Paul visits Miss Shirley's Bakery in Alexandria
- Dec. 5, 2013)
I also participated in an event in Covington hosted by the Cincinnati USA Regional Chamber group.
Kentucky Congressional Delegation, Kentucky Agriculture Commssioner Seek Clarification on Industrial Hemp
Last week, I co-signed a letter asking the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration to clarify that hemp production and processing can move forward in states such as Kentucky that have legalized hemp and enacted a framework for licensing and regulating hemp production. Reps. John Yarmuth and Thomas Massie, as well as Kentucky Industrial Hemp Commission Chairman Brian Furnish and Kentucky Agriculture Commissioner James Comer joined in signing the letter.
Earlier this year, the Kentucky General Assembly passed Senate Bill 50 that creates a regulatory framework for hemp production and declares that hemp is outside the scope of the state's Controlled Substances Act.
Click
HERE
to read a press release about the letter.
Media Wrap-Up
This past week, I appeared on Fox New's
Hannity . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Brian Thomas of 55KRC and Bill Cunningham of 700 WLW. I also penned an op-ed for
Breitbart .
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
