
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
November 24, 2013
Friends,
In a few days, families will gather together
to celebrate Thanksgiving with roasted turkey, creamy mashed
potatoes, green bean casserole, and sweet pumpkin pie. As most everyone knows,
the history of Thanksgiving began with such a feast when the Pilgrims
and Native Americans joined together to celebrate a successful
harvest. But Thanksgiving is about much more than just
food.
Following a resolution of Congress, the very first national
day of Thanksgiving was held in 1789, when President George Washington
proclaimed Thursday, November 26th to be "a day of public thanksgiving
and prayer." However, it was 74 years later that President Abraham
Lincoln made Thanksgiving the annual American holiday we know it as
today.
The Pilgrims, George Washington, and
Abraham Lincoln understood the importance of Thanksgiving. Just as the
Pilgrims were thankful to God and the Native Americans who came to help
them, and as our patriarchs were thankful for the opportunity to form a
new nation and establish a new constitution, we also should reflect on
the many blessings we have been given.
Every year as a
kid my mom would make us go around the Thanksgiving table and share
aloud one thing we were grateful for. While I didnt appreciate or really
understand her intentions at the time, this act imparted on me the
importance of being grateful and appreciative. So this year, Id like to
go around the table with you and hear what youre thankful for. Im
particularly thankful for my relationship with God, my beautiful and
loving wife, my supportive family and friends, and the opportunity to
serve North Carolinians in
Congress.
What are you thankful for? Please share your thoughts and comments on
my Facebook page at
Facebook.com/RepRichHudson
or
on Twitter (@RepRichHudson) using the hashtag #ImThankful. You can
also visit my website at Hudson.House.Gov and email me, or use the
submission box in the righthand column of this
email.
When we hear all the things that others are thankful
for, it reminds us that there really is so much to be grateful for in
this world. It isnt the elaborate details of what we are thankful for
that matters, its the simple fact that we are taking the time to
appreciate what we have and reflect on that.
I
cant wait to hear from you.
Happy Thanksgiving and God
Bless.
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
SUPPORT SMALL BUSINESS
SATURDAY!
We hear a lot about
Black Friday, but Small Business Saturday may just be the most
important shopping day of the year. It matters more to our local economy,
and to our communities. We cant have a strong economy unless our small
businesses are doing well. Small Business Saturday is an opportunity
for shoppers to get a great deal while supporting the backbone of
America's economy.
Click on this
link
to find a list of small businesses in North Carolina with
special deals for you!
What are you thankful for? This holiday season, I'm thankful
for... *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter.
To submit your answer, click here.
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave,
NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville
Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
