DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | December 12, 2013
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
I continue to have serious concerns that the recent interim agreement on Irans nuclear program does not meet the standards necessary to protect the United States and our allies.
The deal does not roll back Irans nuclear program, but instead allows Tehran to keep in place the key elements of its nuclear weapons-making capability.
This week, I convened a hearing in the House Foreign Affairs Committee to examine the Administration's Iran policy. Secretary of State John Kerry testified at the hearing and Members of both parties pressed Secretary Kerry on the Administration's strategy. You can read my opening statement from this week's hearing
here
and watch my questioning of Secretary Kerry
here .
International pressure works. It brought down the immoral apartheid regime in South Africa, which led to South Africa not only releasing Nelson Mandela from prison, but also abandoning its nuclear arsenal.
A bipartisan coalition supported these tough sanctions, even overriding a presidential veto.
We are facing an immoral and very dangerous regime in Iran, one nearing a nuclear weapon.
I am hard pressed to understand why we should ease pressure without getting an agreement that stops Iran's centrifuges from spinning.
I will continue to press the Administration to explain their Iran nuclear strategy. Derailing Tehrans nuclear weapons program is of vital importance to our national security.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for the Week of December 9, 2013
Royce Holds Hearing on Future of U.S. Mission in Afghanistan
U.S. Rep. Ed Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, convened a hearing to examine the future of the U.S. mission in Afghanistan this week.
The hearing, entitled Afghanistan 2014: Year of Transition, included testimony from senior officials from the State Department, Department of Defense and USAID. Chairman Royce said, "A successful transition in Afghanistan is critical to combating terrorism. At this hearing, the Committee heard from the senior leadership of the State Department, Department of Defense and USAID, who discussed the pending Bilateral Security Agreement, upcoming presidential elections, and oversight of U.S. assistance programs, among other critical issues."
Read More
House Resolution Honoring Mandelas Life, Accomplishments, and Legacy
Rep. Ed Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, along with a number of his colleagues, introduced a resolution honoring the life, accomplishments and legacy of Nelson Mandela and expressing condolences on his passing. In a statement released upon hearing of Mandela's death, Chairman Royce said, The world has lost a courageous and generous man in Nelson Mandela.
He was indeed one of democracys strongest champions.
His vision and lack of vindictiveness was amazing, and brought South Africans through a very difficult transition, which could have gone in a very different, violent direction...His message of reconciliation must endure and be a model for the African continent, and quite frankly, the world.
This Resolution is a tribute to a man whose life bettered the world.
Read More
EVENTS
January 25, 2014:
U.S. Representative Ed Royce will hold a "Paying for College" seminar at the Diamond Bar High School Theater (21400 Pathfinder Rd., Diamond Bar) on January 25, 2014. This free workshop will help students and their families prepare, apply and pay for higher education.
Read More.
In Case You Missed It
Representative Ed Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, joined Fox News Channel's Americas Newsroom to preview the Committee's hearing on the recent Iran nuclear agreement. Chairman Royce expressed his concerns that the agreement the Obama Administration negotiated does not meet the standards necessary to protect the United States and our allies.
W atch Here.
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Foreign Intrigue Blog
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here