DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Washington Update
This week has been busy as the House wrapped up its business for the first half of the 113th Congress. As I look back on 2013 I can see that much work remains for 2014, most significant being the spending habits in Washington. This week I voted against House Joint Resolution 59, a budget resolution for 2014. While I appreciate the good faith effort put into this proposal, I believe that until Congress passes permanent spending controls non-binding budget resolutions will be disregarded and our $17 trillion debt will continue to increase. Since being elected to office in 2010, it has been my goal to rein in government spending. I look forward to working with my colleagues in the new year to put America back on a path of fiscal responsibility.
Earlier this fall, the Arkansas State ROTC Program was abruptly threatened with closure. Senators Pryor, Boozman, and I were able to convince the Department of Army to reverse this rash decision and permit the program time to demonstrate its great value to Arkansas and to our Nations Armed Forces.
LTC Cecil Clark, ASU Chancellor Dr. Tim Hudson, Senator Mark Pryor, Representative Rick Crawford, and Senator John Boozman.
Earlier in December I met with the Farm Credit Council to discuss agricultural issues and the Farm Bill status. I am hopeful the Farm Bill will wrap up in the early days of January. A new five-year Farm Bill will give stability to the agriculture economy and thousands of Arkansas jobs.
Congressman Crawford with the Farm Credit Council.
The Capitol Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony.
Merry Christmas
It is hard to believe that another year is completed, and that another year is just around the corner.
If you are like me, you are always shocked at how quickly time flies.
For Stacy and me, Christmastime is one of our favorite times of the year.
The time we are able to spend with our family and friends reminds us of the many blessings God has given us.
Christmas is also a time when I take a step back and look at the many gifts that I have been given, especially my wife, Stacy, and my two kids, Will and Delaney.
Another gift I am thankful for is the country that we all live in and call our home.
I am mindful of the gift that was given to our forefathers as they were working to form this new nation, and the lengths they took to ensure that there would be a nation whose founding principles would include the inalienable rights endowed upon us by our Creator
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
The gift that this nation has been to generations of Americans and also to countless generations around the world is something for which I am grateful.
The direction and path that we take as a nation is a responsibility that each of you has entrusted to me as your Congressman and it is not a responsibility I take lightly.
I am thankful every day for the opportunity to serve in this capacity, and to work on behalf of the people of the First District.
While I am thankful for the work our forefathers put in to creating and establishing our great nation, I am even more thankful for the gift of Gods son, whose life and work was much of the inspiration to our forefathers as they tirelessly and purposefully fought to establish a new nation, under God, whose focus and goals would be that of liberty and justice for all.
We customarily celebrate this time as the birth of the Messiah to an average family in a below average setting.
In a manger, surrounded by barn yard animals, the Son of God came as a gift of to an otherwise dark world.
This gift came in the form of a man who would bear the sins and burdens of mankind. While we were entirely unfit to accept this blessing, our merciful Creator loved us enough to carry that which would crush us.
Stacy and I hope that you and your family will enjoy this Christmas with your family and loved ones.
We hope that you and your family will be blessed in the new year and that the gift of this great nation, and the gift of Gods Son, will continue to be a blessing to you in your life.
Please forward this message to friends or family members who might be interested. You can also direct them to my
website to sign up
for regular updates.
Washington, DC Office
1711 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4076
Fax: (202) 225-5602
Cabot Office
112 S. 1st St.
Cabot, AR 72023
Phone: (501) 843-3043
Fax: (501) 843-4955
Jonesboro Office
2400 Highland Drive, Ste 300
Jonesboro, AR 72401
Phone: (870) 203-0540
Fax: (870) 203-0542
Mountain Home Office
1001 Highway 62 E, Suite 9
Mountain Home, AR 72653
Phone: (870) 424-2075
Fax: (870) 424-3149
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here