
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
This week, I supported the budget agreement reached between
House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-WI) and Senate Budget Committee Chairman Patty Murray (D-WA) because it changes the status quo in Washington by making permanent reforms to mandatory spending and continues us down the path of deficit reduction &ndash; a path I am firmly committed to.
The agreement also signals a return to a normal budget process and moves us away from what has become the pattern of 'government by crisis.'
While the plan is not perfect, the fact that the House and Senate, Republican and Democrat, were able to come together on a bipartisan budget compromise that avoids another government shutdown is encouraging.
Earlier in the week, I led a bipartisan
letter
to the budget conferees urging the committee to work together to find common ground and reach a budget agreement.
A few highlights from the week so far :
We joined local women entrepreneurs and small business owners for the Finger Lakes Women&rsquo;s Business Roundtable in Seneca Falls at the
Women&rsquo;s Rights National Historical Park . After a great discussion, we toured the park &ndash;
it was an honor to visit and learn more about the women who changed the course of history.
The House voted on and passed a bill I co-sponsored to help the victims and families of the West Webster Fire Department following the December 24, 2012 shooting. The bill allows victims and their families to receive donations made to the firefighters following the ambush &ndash; rules currently governing non-profit groups prevent those funds from being distributed as intended.
The
Fallen Firefighters Assistance Tax Clarification Act
works to correct that error.
This week the House passed another bill I
co-sponsored : the
Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act.
The bill prioritizes taxpayer funding for scientific research of pediatric diseases and disorders such as autism, juvenile diabetes, and children&rsquo;s cancer by eliminating taxpayer funding for political conventions. This was the bill Gary Mervis of
Camp Good Days
joined with us in
supporting
because caring for our children should always come before politics.
The Science Research and Technology Subcommittee held a
hearing
this week on RAMI, our
Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation Act .
I provided testimony at the hearing to highlight what&rsquo;s being done in our district to advance manufacturing and how this bill will enable further growth. Read my testimony
here .
Upcoming :
Next week we will welcome the Brigadier General from the Army Corps of Engineers to the district to make site visits and discuss environmental restoration efforts &ndash; including dredging &ndash; in the 23 rd
district.
We&rsquo;ll also be meeting with the Manufacturers Council of the Allegany County to discuss our
Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation Act .
Please join us for town halls on Wednesday and Thursday December 18 th
and 19 th
&ndash; click
here
for details. We also have
office hours
in Chautauqua County next week.
Work continues on my
Honest Proposal
and I am ramping up efforts to get even more Members involved and put pressure on the White House to come to the table and respond to a
letter
we sent to the President detailing the proposal and asking the President to work with us on solutions that will help Americans
long term.
This proposal works to avoid fights over the debt ceiling &ndash; something the budget agreement voted on this week does not address.
Please take a moment to look at the proposal&rsquo;s
framework
and send an email or phone call with your thoughts and suggestions. Better yet, attend one of our
town halls
next week and we can have a conversation in person.
Best,
Tom
P.S. The &ldquo;It&rsquo;s A Wonderful Life&rdquo; 67 th
anniversary celebration will be held this weekend &ndash; December 13 th -15 th
&ndash; in Seneca Falls. Details
here .
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
