
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Services
About
District
Issues
Newsroom
Contact
December 17, 2013
This week, the House and Senate came to an
agreement on a bipartisan budget deal, which I voted for and the House
passed on Thursday.
With all the rhetoric surrounding this
legislation, I wanted to take this opportunity to explain the importance
of this bill and my reason for voting for
it.
Background of Budget
Negotiations
Back in the summer of 2011,
Congress and the White House were in the midst of negotiating a so-called
grand bargain, in which we would solve our national debt crisis through
a bipartisan compromise.
The President and Senate Democrats
were, and continue to be, very adamant about making no changes to our
nations mandatory spending programslike Medicare and Social
Securitywhile Republicans have maintained that the American people cannot be
burdened with any additional taxes.
Unfortunately, due to
Washingtons usual back and forth political jabs, the original intent of these
budget talks was lost, and we ended up with a worst-case scenario
option for deficit reduction.
When
negotiations fell through, the infamous sequestration, or automatic
across-the-board spending cuts, kicked in.
While responsible,
targeted spending reductions could have brought our deficit under control
without economic harm, failure to compromise left us with much more
damaging, indiscriminate cuts.
The result: Hoosier military
personnel like those working at Crane Naval Surface Warfare Center faced
furloughs; parents couldnt take their kids to Head Start Programs; and
negative impacts on medical centers like IU Health threatened patient
care.
All of this led to
conservatives and liberals placing the blame on the opposing side, but until
this week, doing very little to correct the
problem.
Why I voted for
it
Theres no doubt that this budget deal does
not accomplish nearly all of the goals laid out by House Republican
(or the priorities of Senate Democrats); however, it is a step in the
right direction.
Moreover, as we have seen, the consequences of
doing nothing are far worse than compromise.
The reality is that
we have a divided government where neither side can get exactly what
they want.
While its imperative that we do not sacrifice our
principles, it is equally important that Democrats and Republicans
cooperate if we intend to make any progress at
all.
I voted for the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 because
this legislation makes a step forward without forfeiting the priorities
of House Republicans.
When the American people elected a
Democratic Senate and Republican House, we were given a clear mandate
to work together.
By passing this budget, we are fulfilling this
obligation.
What the Budget Deal
Does
Builds upon the goal of deficit
reduction.
This budget agreement not only follows through with
the goal of deficit reduction but also expands upon these efforts
through a more thoughtful, targeted
approach.
Reins in auto-pilot federal spending through
changes to mandatory spending.
While I mentioned Medicare and
Social Security as major parts of this spending, it also includes
federal pension programs.
What numerous studies have found is that
these pensions are about 16 percent higher than those offered by private
sector jobs.
By making modest, commonsense reforms to federal
pensions this plan will modernize these programs, without detriment to
federal employees, while helping bring our spending under control.
There are no tax
increases.
This deal holds true to the House Republicans priority
of not raising any taxes on the American people.
The plan does
increase revenues, but through methods like TSA user fees rather than
draining from the general taxpayer
fund.
Allows us to avoid another manufactured government
shutdown for the next two years.
By solidifying a budget for
the next two years, Washingtons partisan conflicts wont threaten the
operation of our government; consequently, giving our economy much
more certainty.
Going Forward
By passing
this bipartisan budget we have made a crucial step toward tackling
the challenges that face our country, and weve done it without either
side having to sacrifice their principles.
This is exactly how we
should operate in a divided government, by finding common ground and
making changes we can agree upon.
That being said, Washington
still has much work to do, and I remain dedicated to the principle that
we must eliminate wasteful spending, reduce our deficit, and
ultimately work toward a balanced budget so that our children are not burdened
by the out-of-control spending of
today.
Right now, we must all call on the Senate and the President
to help lead on this issue and pass the Ryan-Murray Budget.
Its
not an ideal budget by any means, and leaves much to be done, but it
makes important steps forward that we can all agree
upon.
As always, if youd like to weigh in on the
budget deal, or have comments on other issues developing in Congress,
please feel free to contact me at any of our office
locations.
Todd
Do you support the recent budget deal reached by the House and
Senate? Yes No Unsure/Other *By answering this survey, you
are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send
me e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Rep. Young's iPhone App
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter Share on
LinkedIn
DISTRICT OFFICES
Jeffersonville Office
279 Quartermaster Court
Jeffersonville, IN
47130
Phone: (812) 288-3999
Fax: (812) 288-3873
Bloomington Office
320 W. 8th Street, Suite 114
Bloomington, IN
47404
Phone: (812) 336-3000
Fax: (812) 336-3355
Greenwood Office
2 N Madison Avenue
Greenwood, IN
46142
Phone: (317) 661-0696
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
gateway mail
end 