DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
You can
view this email in your browser
Capitol Update November 26, 2013
Producing more American-made energy
Many of us turned up the thermostats in our homes this past weekend as the first harsh blast of frigid air swept into southeastern Pennsylvania.
We are fortunate to have access to natural gas, oil and electricity to fuel our furnaces and make our homes cozy during the winter.
However, without an all-of-the-above energy strategy, America risks being left out in the cold.
An all-of-the-above energy strategy will not only help families heat their homes and fill their car's gas tanks with homegrown sources of fuel.
Developing American-produced fuel resources in an environmentally-responsible way can help create jobs and serve as a catalyst for real growth.
With those goals in mind, I helped the U.S. House of Representatives pass three bills last week aimed at strengthening our national energy security and expanding our access to resources that can fuel our future.
These bills establish an efficient and effective process to responsibly produce both renewable and conventional energy on our federal lands.
In addition, these bills would keep in place all the safeguards necessary to protect people, natural resources and native wildlife.
What these bills hopefully will eliminate are bureaucratic hurdles that drive up costs without providing any additional benefits to the environment or easing the strain on family fuel budgets.
Here's a look at the three bills, which now await consideration in the U.S. Senate.
H.R. 1965
The Federal Lands Jobs and Energy Security Act
passed by a vote of 228-192 ( Roll Call #600 ).
Federal oil and natural gas production has declined since President Obama took office. Since 2009, total federal oil production is down 7.8 percent and total federal natural gas production is down 21 percent. ALL of the increase in U.S. oil and natural gas production has been on state and private lands, not federal lands. H.R. 1965 would protect and expand onshore American energy production and create new American jobs by streamlining government red-tape and regulations.
H.R. 2728
Protecting States Rights to Promote Energy Security Act
passed by a vote of 235-187 ( Roll Call #604 ).
The Department of the Interior this year announced proposed regulations on hydraulic fracturing on federal lands, which will cost jobs and decrease energy production by adding costly and burdensome layers of red tape.
H.R. 2728 would prohibit the Interior Department from enforcing federal hydraulic fracturing regulations in any state that already has regulations and recognizes states authority to regulate this type of activity.
H.R. 1900
Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act
passed by a vote of 252-165 ( Roll Call #611 ).
The development of Marcellus Shale in Pennsylvania has increased the supply of natural gas as well as the demand for upgrading and expanding pipelines so that the fuel can safely reach homes and businesses. Communities in Chester and Berks counties, which are hundreds of miles from any natural gas wells, have been impacted by pipeline projects.
H.R. 1900 makes sure the federal review process for pipeline projects is completed in a timely manner. Specifically, the bill requires that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) to issue rulings on pipeline certificate applications within one year of receiving a completed application. The bill
does not change
the review process for natural gas pipeline certificate applications. It simply sets time limits on the existing process.
Holding the Administration accountable for health care law errors
Last week, my colleagues and I on the House Ways and Means Committee sent a
letter
to Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Kathleen Sebelius seeking a response to reported problems with the income verification system used by exchanges created under the President's health care law.
The exchanges are reportedly miscalculating eligibility for federal tax credits, and therefore misleading consumers as to how much their plan will cost. Other problems include
duplicate enrollments and applications with missing data.
The letter to HHS Secretary Sebelius states: The law requires you certify to Congress that a system is in place that can accurately verify eligibility before the tax credits are made available. We do not believe you can make that certification today. We also believe it is time to acknowledge that we really do not know if you will be able to do so before January 1.
The letter cites one specific example of the income verification problem: Jessica Sanford of Washington State, who President Obama cited as an early success story for the Exchanges, is a prime example.
The Exchange miscalculated her eligibility for subsidies, which changed the cost of her insurance from the original quote of $198 per month to $324 per month for a plan with a higher deductible.
If the tax credit and cost sharing eligibility mistakes are not discovered, many individuals will receive credits and subsidies for which they are not eligible.
Once reconciled with their tax filing, most of these individuals will be surprised to learn they are required to payback the mistaken subsidy.
Connect Online
Get These Updates
Forward to a Friend
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Email Me
New home for East Whiteland Twp. Fire Company coming soon
Emergency responders in East Whiteland Township are looking forward to building a state-of-the-art fire station to help them train and better respond to calls for help from the residents and businesses in Chester County.
On Friday, I had the privilege of joining community leaders in congratulating East Whiteland as it begins construction, which is expected to take about a year to complete. Read more about the groundbreaking ceremony in this
Daily Local News
article.
The new station along Mill Road and Route 401 is adjacent to the East Whiteland Township municipal building.
Thanks to the generosity of area businesses and members of the community, about $1.5 million has been raised for the fire station. The fire company needs $5 million to complete the project.
According to the East Whiteland Township Volunteer Fire Association, the building will feature a training facility, drive-thru bays, and bunk areas for men and women and other amenities all geared for faster responses to local emergencies.
Additionally, the facility has been designed to save money and resources by reclaiming rain water to wash the vehicles.
The current fire station, on Planebrook Road, receives approximately 1,600 calls, annually for Fire and Ambulance emergencies.
December Telephone Town Halls
Two Telephone Town Halls have been scheduled for December where participants can receive a legislative update and provide feedback on the major issues before Congress.
The first December Telephone Town Hall is scheduled this coming
Monday, December 2 at 7:30 PM . for residents of the District in Chester and Lebanon counties.
A second Telephone Town Hall is planned on
Tuesday December 10 at 7:30 PM
for residents of the District in Berks and Montgomery counties.
Visit our website,
www.gerlach.house.gov
for more news about these upcoming Telephone Town Halls.
Constituents who are unable to participate in one of these upcoming Telephone Town Halls should always feel free to contact the nearest District Office, and our staff will be happy to assist them in obtaining information or helping with federal issues.
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
202.225.4315 tel
202.225.8440 fax
CHESTER OFFICE
111 East Uwchlan Avenue
Exton, PA 19341
610.594.1415 tel
610.594.1419 fax
BERKS OFFICE
840 N. Park Road
Wyomissing, Pa. 19610
610.376.7630 tel
610.376.7633 fax
MONTGOMERY OFFICE
580 Main St. Suite #4
Trappe, PA l9426
610.409.2780 tel
610.409.7988 fax
LEBANON OFFICE
Lebanon Municipal Building, Room 110
400 South Eighth St.
Lebanon PA 17042
717.454.0462 tel
Hours: Monday and Wednesday from 9 AM - 4:30 PM
Click Here Click Here