
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Week of January 6, 2014
Senators McConnell and Paul Push Economic Freedom Zones
This week, Senator Mitch McConnell welcomed the Administration&rsquo;s announcement that eight counties in southeast Kentucky will be designated one of five Promise Zones. Promise Zones are areas where the federal government provides tax incentives and grants designed to help some of the most impoverished areas in the nation. Senator McConnell also called for a Senate vote on legislation he co-sponsored with Senator Rand Paul, the
Economic Freedom Zones Act of 2013 , which would strengthen the designation by creating new economic freedom zones in places like eastern Kentucky. These Economic Freedom Zones are similar in some ways to the Promise Zone initiative recently developed by the Obama Administration, but would reach even more communities in need of revitalization by dramatically reducing taxes and red tape so that families and businesses can grow and thrive.
The Paul/McConnell bill would help facilitate the creation of new jobs, enhance and renew educational and entrepreneurial opportunities and increase community involvement. These zones would apply to any zip code with unemployment greater than one and a half times the national average and therefore would help regions such as eastern Kentucky.
Last year, Senator McConnell contacted the Obama Administration on behalf of the Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation (KHIC) regarding its application with the Promise Zone program. Senator McConnell said a "Promise Zone designation would help the KHIC coordinate and manage the economic development and community revitalization efforts of eight counties in eastern Kentucky: Bell, Clay, Harlan, Knox, Leslie, Letcher, Perry and Whitley, which have suffered high rates of job loss in recent years."
&ldquo;I was pleased to hear that eight counties in eastern Kentucky will soon receive Promise Zone designation. That&rsquo;s why I wrote in support of granting this designation last year, because there&rsquo;s no doubt that eastern Kentucky is a region that has suffered enormous hardship in recent years &ndash; much of it, unfortunately, related to the very same Administration&rsquo;s &lsquo;war&rsquo; on coal families. But the Promise Zone designation is a step in the right direction nonetheless&hellip; we&rsquo;re encouraged that the President is finally focused on a concrete approach to jobs that members of both parties can support &ndash; proving that we can accomplish things when we focus on real efforts rather than political show votes designed to fail.&rdquo;
Following the announcement, Jerry Rickett, President/CEO of KHIC, thanked Senator McConnell &ldquo;for his long-term support of eastern Kentucky and of our Promise Zone application in particular.
We know the Promise Zone will be a great asset to the region.&rdquo;
On Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor regarding the
Economic Freedom Zones Act :
&ldquo;With this legislation, some of the most disadvantaged areas of our country would acquire the ability to apply for an Economic Freedom Zone status that would help lift the burden on some of the poorest families in the country. Small-business owners would see fewer government regulations, enabling them to create jobs and drive prosperity. Entrepreneurs would see punitive tax barriers peeled back, allowing them to lead a recovery with new ideas and energy. Failed education systems would see reforms that lift up disadvantaged children, giving new hope to a younger generation. Cities and regions that now face a dark future could transform themselves, if they chose, almost instantly into magnets for new ideas. And hope.&rdquo;
Click on image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Click
HERE
to read a report from the
Associated Press
posted by the
Herald-Leader
in Lexington:
&ldquo;8 Ky. counties included in &lsquo;Promise Zone&rsquo;&rdquo;
USDA Adopts McConnell View to Restore Tobacco Growers Buyout Payment
McConnell urged USDA to fulfill its obligation to Kentucky farmers
On Monday, Senator McConnell announced that the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) informed him that tobacco quota holders will receive the full amount of their final tobacco payment, as directed by a provision within the Budget Control Act, by the end of FY 2015. Senator McConnell was the primary author of the historic 2004 tobacco buyout.
Last year, USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that tobacco buyout payments would be subjected to a 7.2% cut this year &ndash; the final year of tobacco buyout payments. However, Senator McConnell contacted Secretary Vilsack and Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Director Sylvia Mathews Burwell identifying a provision within the Budget Control Act that would allow quota holders to receive full payment.
&ldquo;I am pleased that the USDA agreed to provide our farmers with the full final payment amount that they need and deserve, and that Kentucky farmers will not lose the money that was promised to them in the settlement,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;Tobacco is one of the Commonwealth&rsquo;s most historic, signature industries. I worked hard to deliver this buyout to Kentucky&rsquo;s tobacco growers, who are some of the hardest-working agricultural workers in our state. This buyout helped transition the crop to the free market and eliminated federal farm price supports for tobacco in exchange for billions in compensation paid to tobacco quota owners.&rdquo;
Roger Quarles, current President and Chairman of the U.S. Growers Tobacco Company and former president of the Burley Tobacco Growers Cooperative, praised Senator McConnell for his work to secure the full payments for Kentucky tobacco growers. "Senator McConnell has once again proven to be one of the strongest allies for tobacco and agriculture in Washington,&rdquo; Quarles said. &ldquo;Senator McConnell has ensured that the tobacco buyout, which he championed 10 years ago, is seen through all the way. Farm families from Florida to Virginia and as far west as Missouri are elated to look forward to payment in full for the last of the payments as promised 10 years ago. And particularly Kentucky farmers and tobacco growers are most thankful.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read a report from WKMS-Radio in Murray:
&ldquo;McConnell Helps Restore Tobacco Buyouts&rdquo;
McConnell Urges Senate to Restore Benefits for Military Retirees; Senate Democrats Object
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell called on the United States Senate to consider and vote on an amendment he offered that would have reversed a provision that reduces retirement pay for certain members of the armed forces.
The McConnell amendment sought to reinstate the full annual cost-of-living adjustment (COLA) for military retirees under the age of 62 who are slated to see their benefits reduced beginning in December 2015.
Unfortunately, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) blocked the proposal, which would have paid for the benefit restoration by delaying the Obamacare individual mandate for one year.
&ldquo;I am disappointed that the Senate Majority Leader and Senate Democrats have refused to vote on my amendment to restore benefits to military retirees, especially those in Kentucky,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;As a long-time supporter of benefits for our servicemembers, veterans, military retirees and their families, I will continue to work towards the restoration of this benefit.&rdquo;
Also on Wednesday, Senator McConnell cosponsored the &ldquo;Keeping our Promise to our Military Heroes Act&rdquo; introduced by Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH).
This bill, which is cosponsored by 17 Senate Republicans, would also restore the full COLA benefit for military retirees in a fiscally responsible manner without adding to our national debt.
Senator McConnell&rsquo;s Health Care Townhalls Across Kentucky
This week Senator McConnell participated in his 59th hospital townhall meeting to discuss how Obamacare is affecting Kentuckians and Kentucky businesses. Senator McConnell spoke with employees at Baptist Health Lexington and listened to their experiences with Obamacare.
Senator McConnell visited Baptist Health Lexington in Fayette County on Friday.
Senator McConnell continues to hear from many Kentuckians regarding the negative impact that Obamacare is having on them. Be a part of the discussion - How is Obamacare affecting you, your family or your small business? Click
HERE
to share your story with Senator McConnell.
Senator McConnell Addresses Kentuckians for Better Transportation
On Friday, Senator McConnell addressed the 36th Annual Kentuckians for Better Transportation Conference at the Griffin Gate Marriott in Lexington.
Speaking to hundreds of Kentuckians, Senator McConnell spoke about the importance of transportation to Kentucky's economy and the status of related legislation in Congress. Senator McConnell also spoke about Obamacare, the War on Coal, cutting government spending, and the effects of overregulation on our economy.
McConnell Honors Kentucky Son and Music Legend Phil Everly
This week, Senator McConnell paid tribute to Kentucky son and music legend, Phil Everly, of the hit-making duo the Everly Brothers, who passed away on January 3, 2014 at the age of 74. Phil is survived by many family members and beloved friends, including his brother Don.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;Phil and his older brother Don brought their trademark close harmony singing, modeled in the Appalachian country and bluegrass music tradition, to rock and roll beginning in the late 1950s&hellip; The Everly Brothers are famous the world over and influenced musicians such as the Beatles, the Beach Boys, Bob Dylan, Simon and Garfunkel, and many others. But they were especially beloved in their family&rsquo;s home State of Kentucky, and particularly in Central City, in Muhlenberg County, western Kentucky, which was the site of the Everly Brothers&rsquo; Labor Day Homecoming Music Festival every year.
&ldquo;I know my colleagues will join me in expressing gratitude and appreciation for the wonderful music that Phil, along with his brother Don, provided the world. The music of the Everly Brothers continues to provide joy to people to this day. Kentucky is honored to have played such a role in the shaping of this extraordinary musical family.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s full tribute.
Click
HERE
for information from SurfKY News in Central City, Kentucky about Phil Everly&rsquo;s memorial service hosted by the Central City Tourism Commission.
In the Media
Click
HERE
to read the most recent op-ed Senator McConnell has penned for Kentucky newspapers,
&ldquo;How Obamacare Hurts Women and Families&rdquo;
posted by the
News-Democrat &amp; Leader
in Russellville.
This week, Senator McConnell joined Alan Watts on WKDZ-Radio in Cadiz to discuss the tobacco settlement - click
HERE
to listen.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell joined national radio host Lars Larson to talk about the Obama economy, Obamacare, and job creation. Click
HERE
to listen to Senator McConnell on The Lars Larson Show.
On Friday, Senator McConnell traveled to Lexington to join Lee Cruse in studio on WVLK-Radio. They discussed the President&rsquo;s War on Coal, Obamacare and the economy.
Click the image below to listen to the Senator&rsquo;s interview with Lee Cruse.
Also on Friday, the Senator joined Terry Meiners in studio on 84WHAS-Radio in Louisville to discuss Obamacare and what he&rsquo;s heard from Kentuckians across the Commonwealth during the nearly 60 hospital town hall meetings he&rsquo;s held. Click
HERE
to listen to the Senator's interview with Terry Meiners.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation's capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
