
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
We were thrilled to receive news over the weekend that the NRG facility in Dunkirk would remain open and operational in Dunkirk by repowering with natural gas. I know I join many local and state officials when I say this is a huge victory for the area and the jobs supported by the plant. But the
credit for this victory
goes to all the Chautauqua residents who spoke out by writing letters, making calls, circulating petitions and using their voice to get this decision.
We&rsquo;ve been busy in the district this week so far:
-Our
visit with the Army Corps
in Chautauqua County was an excellent opportunity for us to work on the ground with key stakeholders on water projects. At each of the stops &ndash; Chautauqua Lake, Dunkirk Harbor and Cattaraugus Creek &ndash; we had a great turnout of local community members who are engaged and want to move these projects forward. Spending the day showing Brigadier General Burcham these projects will go a long way in future partnerships with the Army Corps.
More photos from our visits here .
Here at the Cattaraugus Creek location where we discussed how to replicate the dredging plan for Barcelona Harbor for both Dunkirk Harbor and Cattaraugus Creek.
-Another big win in the district this week &ndash; this time for steel manufacturers like Nucor Vulcraft in Chemung &ndash; the International Trade Commission voted to maintain the trade remedy on hot-rolled steel from China, India, Indonesia, Taiwan, Thailand and Ukraine. As a result, U.S. steel manufacturers will benefit from protections against unfairly-traded imports. Let&rsquo;s keep &ldquo;making it here and selling it there!&rdquo; Read what Nucor Vice President and General Manager had to say about the decision
here .
-We met with about 25 members of the Manufacturers Council of Allegany County (pictured below) this week for what was a robust conversation surrounding the
Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation Act ,
or &ldquo;RAMI&rdquo; bill. The meeting was a brainstorming session for local manufacturers to add their input on how we can best position the district to benefit most from RAMI.
- On the rural hospital front, I was pleased to join the House to pass a six-month extension in funding for the area&rsquo;s Low-Volume and Medicare-Dependent hospitals. Now I want to take that extension and work to ensure long-term program funding. Due to the rural nature of our districts, Rep. Peter Welch (D-VT) joined me to introduce the
Rural Hospital Access Act
earlier this year. Here in our district, we have three Medicare-dependent hospitals: Corning Hospital, Ira Davenport, and St. Joseph&rsquo;s of Elmira and three low-volume hospitals: Jones Memorial, Ira Davenport, and St. James Mercy. We have to take care of these hospitals just like they take care of our families.
I&rsquo;m on my way to Yates County now for a town hall this evening in Jerusalem. Also looking forward to tomorrow&rsquo;s town hall in Chemung County in Elmira &ndash; please
join us
for an in-person conversation. But if you aren&rsquo;t able to make the meetings, please still
send input
our way.
And if you know of someone who would be interested in attending one of our town halls or receiving updates, feel free to forward this email on to them so that they can
subscribe .
Stay warm,
Tom
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
