
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
This past week we were confronted with the reality that evil can strike very close to home.
On Friday, the FBI, working with local law enforcement, took into custody a suspected Islamic terrorist who intended to detonate an explosive at Wichita Mid-Continent Airport.
An attack designed to murder hundreds of our friends, our family members, and our fellow Kansans.
The alleged attacker studied flight schedules in order to maximize the number of casualties.
He had security access to the airport. And he posted online that he wanted to commit violent jihad and provide material support to Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.
Click here to watch KWCHs video report on the attempted terrorist attack
As you know, I sit on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence where I work to ensure that our intelligence warriors have what they need to succeed.
This arrest is what such a success looks like: American lives have been saved, a potential terrorist attack was thwarted, and we have gained a blueprint for how such attacks might be attempted again in the future.
The alleged terrorist was charged with attempting to use weapons of mass destruction and with seeking to provide support to a designated terrorist organization.
This is not simply an attempt at a criminal act, it is an act aimed at destroying our country for the sake of the accused's religious mission.
One lesson is clear: Radicalized Islamists continue to seek to kill Americans.
We must be vigilant. This is only the latest in a string of terrorist attacks on American soil over the last few years. Recall the Fort Hood massacre, in which Nidal Hassan, an Army psychiatrist, carried out an attack on a military base after he became radicalized under the influence of Anwar Al-Awlaki, a radical terrorist known for recruiting people into Al Qaeda. Al-Awlaki was also responsible for inspiring Faisal Shahzad to attempt an attack on Times Square in May 2010. Al-Awlaki, an American, was the imam of a Falls Church, Virginia, from 2001 to 2002.
In other words, the threat posed by radical terror does not stop at our borders.
Anwar Al-Awlaki was American-born and recruited Al Qaeda to attack the homeland.
Im thankful for the vigilance of law enforcement and the capable intelligence warriors that were able to stop this attack in our hometown.
It is tempting to wish away this threat, to assert that the war brought to America by violent Islamists is winding down.
Sadly, it is not.
The threat from Al Qaeda and its affiliates is growingjihadist terrorist attacks are only increasing.
We must give our Federal Bureau of Investigation, our National Security Agency, our sheriffs, and our police the appropriate and constitutional tools they need to protect our lives and those of our families.
Lets continue to give them our support so they can keep us safe.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here