DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
13th District Update |December 12, 2013
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Bipartisan Budget Deal Wraps up Year-End Work
This week, the Senate-House budget negotiators crafted a bipartisan compromise to set spending levels for the next two years.
This agreement reduces future deficits while ending the sequestration across-the-board cuts in discretionary spending.
As America is well aware, the budget and appropriations process has completely broken down in Congress.
This agreement is a positive step towards returning to a functional government and away from government shutdown threats by the Tea Party Caucus.
To read a summary of the budget agreement and see the full text of the bill,
click here .
Farm Bill
The House-Senate negotiations on reauthorizing farm and food programs is still without a final agreement.
The future of such programs as the dairy program, SNAP and crop insurance will likely be decided when the House returns to business in January.
Long Term Unemployment Insurance
The stimulus bill extended unemployment insurance to help those Americans who had trouble finding work for a longer time than usual economic years.
That long term unemployment program will unfortunately expire without being reauthorized in the budget agreement.
Congressman Scott will continue working to help the millions of frustrated workers who are still looking for work and who need a leg up until then.
White House Internships
Applications for the White House summer internships are due on January 5, 2014.
Applicants must be U.S. citizens, 18 years of age on or before the first day of the internship, and currently enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate program, graduated from an undergraduate or graduate program no more than two years before the first day of the internship
or a veteran of the United States Armed Forces who possesses a high school diploma or its equivalent and has served on active duty, for any length of time, in the two years preceding the first day of the internship.
For more information about the program and to apply, visit the
internship website .
White House Film Festival
The first ever White House film festival is now accepting short film entires from K-12 students .
Finalists will have their films shown at the White House.
The deadline for submitting entries is January 29.
To learn more and submit your film, visit the event site online at:
http://www.whitehouse.gov/filmfestival
Recent Grant Announcements
The Cultural Arts Council of Douglasville/ Douglas County received a grant of $10,000 from the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) for afterschool arts programs.
The US Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) announced $1,798,496 in grant awards to 28 Georgia health centers currently working to enroll uninsured Americans in new health insurance coverage options made available by the Affordable Care Act.
With these funds, health centers can expand their enrollment assistance efforts as more Americans enroll in affordable health insurance coverage.
For a list of the Georgia facilities that received grants awards, visit this page online:
http://www.hrsa.gov/about/news/2013tables/outreachandenrollment/ga.html
............
You can also connect with Congressman Scott via
Facebook ,
YouTube ,
Twitter
or
LinkedIn .
TAKE THE SURVEY
What issues are most important to you?
Health Insurance Reform
The Economy
War in Iraq and Afghanistan
Creating Jobs
Foreclosure
Energy Independence
Federal Budget Deficits
Education
Other
VOTE NOW!
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
Federal Agency Help
Flag Requests
Grant Information
Internships
Military Service Academies
Tour Washington D.C .
More Services
CONTACT
My offices in Washington and Georgia are open as a resource to the residents of the 13th District. Please
click here
to contact us.
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
225 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-2939
F (202) 225-4628
JONESBORO DISTRICT OFFICE
173 North Main Street
Jonesboro, GA 30236
T (770) 210-5073
F (770) 210-5673
SMYRNA DISTRICT OFFICE
888 Concord Road, Suite 100
Smyrna, GA 30080
T (770) 432-5405
F (770) 432-5813
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
|
WEBSITE
Click Here Click Here