
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Dear Friends,
As winter approaches, I wanted to share with you some of my efforts in Connecticut and in Washington during the month of November. Follow the links below for more details:
In Bristol I joined Mayor Art Ward to
present veteran Omer Deabay
with the medals he earned in the U.S. Army (pictured below). Mr. Deabay courageously fought for his nation during the Korean War and continues to assist others who have served through a local veterans group.
In Hartford Members of the Congressional Delegation and I marched in the
Connecticut Veterans Parade
(pictured below). I was proud to join in this event honoring all those who&rsquo;ve put their safety on the line for our freedom.
Representative Rosa DeLauro also came to Hartford for a
discussion on &ldquo;When Women Succeed, America Succeeds: An Economic Agenda for Women and Families&rdquo;
(pictured below). Despite the progress we have made, there is still work to be done in order to close the pay gap, bolster work and family balance and improve the access and affordability of child care.
In November I joined Commissioner Roderick Bremby along with a panel of leading experts to
discuss scientifically proven strategies to prevent violent behaviors
(pictured below). I look forward to following up with our panelists to discuss what steps must be taken in Congress to help implement proven approaches to reducing violence across our nation.
In Washington, I
introduced a Resolution
calling for a
National Day of Remembrance
in Honor of President John Fitzgerald Kennedy with both the Connecticut and New England Delegation. Follow
this link
to read my opinion editorial and watch my remarks on President Kennedy&rsquo;s legacy.
Congress must work together in the coming weeks for the American people. I look forward to working with both sides of the aisle to strengthen job creation across the nation and address other important issues for Connecticut&rsquo;s First.
Sincerely,
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington Office
1501 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2265
Hartford District Office
221 Main Street, 2nd Floor
Hartford, CT 06106
Phone: 860-278-8888
This mailing was prepared, published, and mailed at taxpayer expense.
