
Thank you for subscribing to my e-newsletter. I'm pleased to provide this e-newsletter as an additional way for me to keep in touch with Central Washington residents. I hope you find it informative and I encourage you to forward it to any co-workers or friends who might be interested in
signing up themselves
to receive periodic updates in the future.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. If I can ever be of any assistance to you, please contact my office at (509) 543-9396 or visit my website at
www.hastings.house.gov . You can also like me on
Facebook
and follow me on
Twitter .
Sincerely,
TOP NEWS
Field Hearing Stresses Importance of Power, Flood Control in Columbia River Treaty Negotiations
On Monday, December 9th, the House Natural Resources Committee held an
oversight field hearing
in Pasco on
"The Future of the US-Canada Columbia River Treaty - Building on 60 years of Coordinated Power Generation and Flood Control."
At the hearing, Members heard local perspectives from witnesses on the benefits of the Treaty and ways it can be improved and modernized. The witnesses noted the importance of hydropower in providing clean, low-cost electricity to the Pacific Northwest and discussed the need to keep the Treaty focused on power generation and flood control.
"It is my hope and expectation that the final recommendation from the U.S. Entity will make clear to the State Department that the priorities we need to address are the entitlement and flood control,"
said Chairman Hastings .
Manhattan Project Park and Hanford Land Transfer Fall Short Due to Senate
Due to the failure of support from the Senate, the expected final 2014 National Defense Authorization Act does not include two House-passed amendments to the 2014 National Defense Authorization Act authored by Hastings to establish the Manhattan Project National Park and to execute a small transfer of Hanford land back to the community for economic development. The expected final text of the defense bill was released late Tuesday night. The bill must now be passed by the House and Senate before it can be signed into law.
Hastings said
he was
"disappointed but not deterredwill keep pushing ahead next year."
House Passes Budget Agreement
On Thursday, December 12th, the House of Representatives passed a
bill
with broad bipartisan support that sets funding levels for the federal government for the next two years and reduces the deficit without raising taxes. Hardworking Americans have to balance their household budget, and the federal government should be no different. This legislation replaces a portion of across-the-board cuts to government programs, scheduled to take effect in January, with permanent reforms to mandatory spending programs that make up more than half of the federal budget and grow each year. While Hastings believes that this budget agreement is far from perfect and that much more needs to be done to reform entitlement spending, he supported the bill because he believes that it is a small step in the right direction toward reducing our national debt. This agreement maintains House Republicans' core principles of fiscal discipline and finds common ground on smarter spending of our taxpayer dollars. It also helps create more fiscal certainty for the country, instead of punting this critical issue down the road yet again.
Committee Hears Examples of How ESA Settlements Hurt Efforts to Conserve Species, State and Local Economies
Last Thursday, December 12th, the House Natural Resources Committee held an
oversight hearing
entitled
"ESA Decisions by Closed-Door Settlement: Short-Changing Science, Transparency, Private Property, and State &amp; Local Economies."
This hearing examined the impacts of the Endangered Species Acts (ESA) closed-door mega-settlements on listing and critical habitat decisions and the need to reform this law to ensure that its focus is on recovering species while protecting jobs and local economies. This oversight hearing is the fifth in a series this Committee has held on the Endangered Species Act this year. Hastings announced at the hearing that the Committee intends to advance common sense legislation to improve the ESA for the benefit of both species and people.
"Undoubtedly, some believe cramming hundreds of obscure species onto the ESA list under deadlines and blocking off huge swaths of land because of the settlements are 'successes,' but many areas of the country tell a different account of how these policies are impacting their communities, their economies, and ultimately, the species,"
said Chairman Hastings .
WEEKLY MESSAGE
December 13, 2013
Protect Yourself from Identity Theft this Christmas
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
Ecology, power concerns voiced in Columbia River Treaty hearing
Tri-City Herald
Hastings: Leave ecosystem out of Columbia River Treaty
Capital Press
Manhattan Project Park and Hanford Land Transfer Fall Short Due to Senate
KVEW TV
Panel eyes endangered species, fishing bills
The Hill
CONNECT WITH DOC
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
RSS
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1203 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-5816 | Fax: (202) 225-3251
TRI-CITIES OFFICE
2715 St. Andrews Loop, Suite D
Pasco, WA 99301
(509) 543-9396 | Fax: (509) 545-1972
YAKIMA OFFICE
402 E. Yakima Avenue, Suite 760
Yakima, WA 98901
(509) 452-3243 | Fax: (509) 452-3438
Click Here Click Here