Click here to view this message in your browser.
Websi te
|
Biography
|
Constituent Services
|
The 16th District
|
Press Room
|
Committees
|
Contact
Dear Friends,
As we enter the final weeks of 2013, Congress seems poised to finally approve a bipartisan budget deal and advance a Farm Bill in early 2014 that will give our economy greater certainty. While that is good news, we in the Valley are also watching low storage and snowpack reports that suggest next year likely will be our third straight dry year. These issues impact all of us, our businesses, and our families so in the closing weeks of 2013 here is an update on what I&rsquo;m doing to fight for you and our Valley.
While I wish we were voting on a final 5-year Farm Bill prior to the end of the year, I am confident that we are on track to approve a bill that will create greater opportunity for Valley Agriculture over the coming years. As a member of the conference committee, I am working closely with House Agriculture Committee Chairman Lucas and Ranking Member Peterson to ensure that provisions to improve our air quality,
invest in specialty crops, and prevent the introduction and spread of plant pests and diseases make it into the final package. There are also proposals out there that would place California&rsquo;s egg industry at a competitive disadvantage and I am working with my colleagues to remove from this from the legislation. We still have a way to go in our negotiations, but we are on the right track to finish the job.
Just as passing a Farm Bill is important for our Valley economy, mobilizing resources that could offer relief for what will be a tough water year is critical. Unlike the last two years, our storage levels are at historically low rates that we have not seen since 1977. This will leave us with fewer options to cope with next year&rsquo;s rain and snowfall challenges than we have had in the past. Our region and all of California is going to need all the state and federal support possible to cope with the potentially devastating hardships that the next water year could bring.
Monday, I, along with Senator Feinstein, sent a
letter
to Governor Brown asking that he take quick action and declare a drought emergency for the state and to request that the President do the same. This declaration would mobilize additional resources and give us more flexibility in regulations that prevent water resources from being used to their full potential. In 2008 and 2009, Governor Schwarzenegger took this important step that provided additional resources and implemented additional drought relief activities.
We have our work cut out for us in 2014, but I am working every day to help make sure that you and farmers throughout our Valley can continue to do what you do best. As always please, please let me know if I can ever be of
assistance .
Happy Holidays,
Jim Costa
Member of Congress
Fresno Office
855 M Street, Suite 940
Fresno, CA 93721
Phone:559-495-1620
Fax:559-495-1027
Washington, DC Office
1314 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:202-225-3341
Fax: 202-225-9308
Click here to unsubscribe from e-newsletter updates
