
December 23, 2013
Share this email:
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 12.23.13
Monday, December 23, 2013
Faith and Action
People of faith often take bold action.
The Christmas season is a time to both notice and highlight the large and small acts of faith that make a difference in this world.
I can only note a few, as there are too many such actions to note them all.
One of those taking bold action this year is Congressman Frank Wolf (VA-10), who has announced that he will be retiring after having served in the House of Representatives for 17 terms.
Frank has worked hard throughout the years to advance justice, human rights, and religious freedom.
He went on a secret mission to Tibet in 1997, traveling not as a Congressman but as a tourist with a home video camera.
After returning to the United States, Frank said Tibetans were living under unspeakably brutal conditions in the dim shadow of international awareness.
I want the world to know what is going on in Tibet.
He has continued this work in numerous ways.
Frank has traveled throughout Asia and the Middle East advocating for religious minorities such as Coptic Christians, and also has persistently pushed to uncover the truth about the 2012 attack on the United States consulate in Benghazi, Libya.
Frank is a diligent and tireless advocate for those who may otherwise be passed by.
I wish the best to Frank as he continues working on the issues important to him and to his family as they begin the next chapter of their lives.
Reverend Ralph Shelba Horton was another man of deep faith, and I was saddened to learn of his December 19 passing.
Reverend Horton served the Lord as Senior Pastor of the Richlands Tabernacle since 1971, but he looked for opportunities outside of his own backyard to share the gospel of Jesus Christ.
He was a man of God and a friend to many, and his influence went well beyond Tazewell County.
To paraphrase a friend of mine, Who knows how many souls are in heaven because of the work of Reverend Horton.
My thoughts and prayers to Reverend Hortons loved ones at this time.
But not all people of faith have 700,000 constituents or a large congregation with whom to share their message.
But this does not mean that their message is any less worthy of attention.
Willie Nelsons Christmas song Pretty Paper* is rather easily adapted to fit one such person - a lady who hangs out every Thursday near the steps leading to the U.S. House of Representatives.
Crowded street, busy feet hustle by her.
Busy Congressmen, Christmas is nigh.
There she stands all alone on the sidewalk,
Hoping that you won't pass her by.
Should you stop?
Better not.
Much too busy.
You're in a hurry, how time does fly.
In the distance the ringing of laughter,
And in the midst of the chatter she tries.
For the last three decades or so, Ms. Rita Warren has been a regular fixture on Capitol Hill.
Rain or shine, this gentle octogenarian has served as a lobbyist for God, playing soft music and setting up a life-size statue of Jesus Christ.
As we approach the Christmas season, Ms. Warren sets up a lovely nativity scene.
Nearby is her menorah.
In my experience, she has been relatively unobtrusive.
When I see Ms. Warren and hear her music, I feel uplifted and renewed.
Jesus is everywhere, she knowingly tells me and others who choose to stop and speak with her.
Mine is a mission of faith.
She gladly speaks with tourists, lawmakers, and congressional staff to share her message about God and his good works to those who will stop to listen.
Ms. Warren and her mission of faith inspire and refresh me throughout the year.
Its a constant reminder that, through all the battles and all the rhetoric, no matter how much power we think rests in the capital city of Washington, D.C., the ultimate power belongs to God.
During the Christmas season we celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ, who brought Gods message of forgiveness and grace to mankind.
God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life (John 3:16)."
Best wishes for a safe and merry Christmas.
Please note that, in observance of the Christmas holiday, this column will return on Monday, January 6.
As always, if you have concerns or comments or wish to inquire about legislative issues, feel free to contact my offices. You can call my Abingdon office at 276-525-1405 or my Christiansburg office at 540-381-5671. To reach my office via email, please visit my website at www.morgangriffith.house.gov.
###
* Pretty Paper was written by Willie Nelson and originally recorded by Roy Orbison.
###
Washington, DC Office
1108 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-3861
F (202) 226-0076
Abingdon Office
323 West Main St.
Abingdon, VA 24210
T (276) 525-1405
F (276) 525-1444
Christiansburg Office
17 West Main St.
Christiansburg, VA 24073
T (540) 381-5671
F (540) 381-5675
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here