
January 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
The Rigell Report: 2013 In Review
Dear Friend,
The definition of success to me is simple: we either got the job done or we didnt.
Looking back at 2013, Im proud to say that though work remains, my staff and I advanced our top priorities of creating jobs, reducing wasteful spending, strengthening our military, changing Congress, and being the strongest advocate for our friends and neighbors back home.
CREATING JOBS
Energy is the clearest path to job creation and in June the House passed the Offshore Energy and Jobs Act, which included the
Virginia Jobs and Energy Act , my legislation to harvest Virginias coastal energy.
A recent study indicated coastal energy development
can create 25,000 jobs
for Virginians!
The legislation is supported by the local NAACP, the Port of Virginia, the Hampton Roads Chamber of Commerce and the Hampton Roads Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, and other local organizations.
Later in the summer I
visited the Gulf Coast , where energy production bolsters the local economy and provides jobs for thousands of Americans.
I plan to bring energy officials to tour our region next year, and will continue to urge the Senate and the President to move coastal energy forward.
REDUCING WASTEFUL SPENDING
Uncontrolled spending and historic debt continue to threaten the foundation of our country.
In October I proposed the
America First Plan
to wisely reduce mandatory spending, generate additional revenue, and restore regular order in Congress.
The principles in the plan are bipartisan and achievable, and I will continue to share with my colleagues the need for a comprehensive, long term fiscal plan for our country.
In December I voted for the
bipartisan budget agreement
to reduce the deficit and alleviate the pain caused by the sequester. The agreement, though imperfect, represents progress in Washington, D.C., and merited passage.
The change to the military retiree COLA needs to be fixed, and I have
co-sponsored legislation
to ensure the COLA is fully restored.
The costs and uncertainty created by what I refer to as the (UN)Affordable Care Act are hurting our country. The law created a trillion dollars in new taxes alone.
I have voted to repeal or defund the law, or at least
allow families to keep their plans , as they were promised.
I also renewed my support of a patient-centered health care plan that addresses out-of-control costs: the
Empowering Patients First Act .
STRENGTHENING OUR MILITARY
Congress reliance on continuing resolutions hurts our men and women in uniform, and Im pleased that the budget agreement provides some certainty for our military leaders as well as relief from some of the pain caused by the sequester.
As I mentioned, I will fight to see that Congress reverses the change to COLA benefits to ensure our veterans do not bear the brunt of the deficit savings.
Our office is also fighting to address the unacceptable backlog at the Department of Veterans Affairs.
In August we hosted a
meeting with local veterans organizations
and the Director of the Roanoke Regional Veterans Affairs Office.
Later that day we hosted a telephone town hall with the Director and veterans who had questions about the claims process.
The problem is not completely solved, so I will continue to fight to ensure veterans receive the benefits they deserve in a timely manner.
In May I co-sponsored two pieces of
legislation to combat sexual assault
in the military.
The only threat service members should face is from an enemy combatant.
CHANGING CONGRESS, HOLDING GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABLE AND DEFENDING THE CONSTITUTION
I believe that our debt is the greatest threat to our country.
I also believe in leadership by example. In addition to giving back 15% of my salary to pay down the debt and declining all federal benefits, in January I proudly supported the
No Budget, No Pay Act
which tied congressional pay to the passage of a federal budget.
I also cosponsored
legislation to stop congressional pay
if the United States defaults on the national debt as a result of Washington gridlock.
In August I once again called on Congress to
cancel its traditional five-week recess
and stay in session to address the nations challenges
especially to pass the appropriations bills needed to fund the government.
As I see it, the House calendar does not reflect the challenges and top priorities of our country, and I will continue my fight to change this culture in Washington.
This spring the House of Representatives passed my
amendment to reaffirm Congress War Powers
as outlined in our United States Constitution, and this summer, those War Powers were put to the test.
In August I, along with my staff, led a bipartisan effort urging President Obama to convene Congress and receive congressional authorization prior to using military force in Syria, noting that doing otherwise would be unconstitutional.
Our letter to the President
ultimately received more than 140 signatories including 20 Democrats, and I was pleased, and yes surprised, when the President announced on a Saturday afternoon that he would seek congressional authorization for the use of force.
See the complete media coverage of that story
here .
In April I co-sponsored legislation to
establish a Select Committee
in the House of Representatives to investigate and report on the September 2012 terrorist attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya. This senseless attack resulted in the loss of several brave Americans, including U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and two former Navy SEALs.
These families deserve answers and I will fight until they have them.
Consistent with my commitment to defending our Second Amendment rights, I cosponsored
legislation to protect lawful transportation of firearms
and backed measures to crack down on straw purchasing.
In January President Obama signed into law
my drywall safety legislation
to set chemical and disposal standards for domestic and imported drywall and express the sense of Congress that China must be held accountable for the damage defective drywall has already caused across America
especially in Hampton Roads.
This is a great step, but I also know there is more to be done for those families harmed by defective drywall.
I will not rest until we have explored every avenue to do so.
I am deeply concerned about the effects political gerrymandering is having on our country.
This issue has my full attention, and I will update you on my plan to address this in the months ahead.
Finally, we are reaching out to our friends and neighbors in every corner of the district.
This fall we held a
highly successful job fair
in Virginia Beach connecting 2,000 job seekers with 100 employers!
Later in November we hosted a
town hall meeting in Newport News
to hear from the newest residents of our district.
We even opened a Peninsula office to serve Hampton and Newport News.
LOOKING AHEAD TO 2014
As I reflect on 2013 I am reminded of how hard my staff worked to advance the goals we set in service to you, our district and our country.
I hope you get to see and speak with them soon as they truly are a remarkable team.
They're diverse in background and talent yet of one mind in their desire - and commitment - to provide exceptional constituent service.
So to all who serve on "Team Rigell", in Washington and in the district, thank you.
As 2014 begins to unfold I'm also mindful of what a privilege it is to serve each of you.
These are challenging times and, in some ways, exceptionally so.
Yet I approach the day and the year full of optimism.
We're Americans!
We've been in tough spots before.
Life is often that way, tough, and that includes the effort required to keep our great Republic in the center of the channel.
My dad, Ike, who at 90 years of age continues to inspire me, wrote this to me at a time I was feeling a bit weary from the fight.
"Without battles to fight, there are no victories to celebrate."
So true.
Victory in this sense is good governance, and meeting the deep obligation we have to pass on the blessings of liberty and freedom to the next generation of Americans.
My staff and I will continue to advance that worthy mission in 2014, and I'll share more about the goals we've set for 2014 in the next edition of the Rigell Report.
Mindful that I work for you, I remain
Yours in Freedom,
Scott Rigell
Helpful Links
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
Find out what happened on the House floor today
Find out whats coming up in the House of Representatives
Learn about the legislative process
Just released; 2014 House Legislative Calendar (113th Congress, Second Session)
Quote Worthy
Here's to the crazy ones, the misfits, the rebels, the troublemakers, the round pegs in the square holes... the ones who see things differently -- they're not fond of rules. You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them, but the only thing you can't do is ignore them because they change things... they push the human race forward, and while some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius, because the ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do."
--Steve Jobs
Share on Facebook
|
Share on Twitter
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
327 Cannon Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
(202) 225-4215
(202) 225-4218 fax
EASTERN SHORE OFFICE
23386 Front Street
Accomac, VA 23301
(757) 789-5172
(757) 789-5175 fax
VIRGINIA BEACH OFFICE
4772 Euclid Road, Suite E
Virginia Beach, VA 23462
(757) 687-8290
(757) 687-8298 fax
PENINSULA OFFICE
1100 Exploration Way, Suite 302 R
Hampton, VA 23666
(757) 687-8290
(757) 687-8298 fax
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here