
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
NOT JUST A NUMBER &ndash; BUT A NEIGHBOR
Thousands of people in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District are facing critical struggles in the wake of the December 28th expiration of the emergency unemployment insurance. The number of those impacted is growing every week. But these are not numbers, these are our neighbors. These are hardworking people, who have played by the rules, and found themselves out of work through no fault of their own. The inaction of Congress has cut off their economic lifeline as they try to feed their families, pay the rent, and search for work. I continue to work with my colleagues to try to get House Republican Leadership to allow us to vote on extending this insurance. So far, that has not happened.
1.4 million Americans have now lost emergency unemployment insurance.
72,000 more will lose it each week.
Earlier this month, the lapse in unemployment coverage sucked $400 million out of state economies in a single week.
Unemployment benefits help grow the economy, delivering $1.52 in economic activity for every $1 spent.
These benefits have been extended many times in a bipartisan manner and were first put into place by President George W. Bush.
This is savaging families and costing the economy. I want to hear your story. If your emergency unemployment insurance has expired, please let me know what you are doing, how it is impacting your family, and your experiences in searching for work. I would like to share these stories with the media to bring attention to the importance of unemployement insurance in our community, and with colleagues on Capitol Hill, who believe extending these benefits aren&rsquo;t necessary.
I would like to follow up with you, hence the request for name, number, and email address. If you don&rsquo;t want to include that in your response, please feel free to omit that information while still sharing your
thoughts and experiences.
To share your story,
please click here .
SURVEY RESULTS
Last week I asked you to voice your legislative priorities for 2014. The response was overwhelming and I wanted to share with you the results. Reforming the tax code, creating jobs and honoring our veterans registered as the top three priorities from constituents. Extending emergency unemployment benefits, increasing the minimum wage, and passing a comprehensive farm bill were all very close behind. These are all very important areas that deserve immediate consideration, action, and bipartisan cooperation. I greatly appreciate your taking the time to communicate with me and will take your thoughts directly to Capitol Hill as we deliberate and debate these issues.
THE FUTURE OF COMMUNITY BANKS
Community banks are absolutely necessary in keeping our small businesses, rural areas, and local economies strong and vital.
They provide almost half of all small loans to our nation&rsquo;s farms.
They supply credit that is critical for small businesses.
They hold 46% of the industry&rsquo;s small loans to farms and businesses and the majority banking deposits in rural counties.
Steady economic gains for Wall Street and big banks isn&rsquo;t enough. Community banks continue to face regulatory and competitive pressures that will threaten their viability immediately and for the long-term.
I have been a steadfast supporter of community banks and wanted to let you know I am taking that message directly to Janet Yellen, as she prepares to lead the Federal Reserve Board of Governors. I was proud to cosign a letter recently to make my feelings known. I believe we must continue to work on this issue and continue to make our voices heard. To see a copy of the letter in its entirety please click
here .
REMEMBERING MARTIN LUTHER KING JR.
On Monday, January 20th, we will celebrate Martin Luther King Jr. Day. It is a day that commemorates the life of the man, his activism, and the long-lasting effects he has had on millions around the nation and the world. He spoke about, struggled for, and in the end, gave his life fighting for the ideals of equality and freedom. These are goals that comprise the very foundation of our great nation. There are many
ceremonies and events
marking Martin Luther King Jr. Day in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District. I urge you to spend some time taking part in one of them, discussing this important part of our country&rsquo;s past, present, and future with your children, and taking a moment to remember a man who inspires so many, still to this day.
CIVILITY CORNER
Just about every Member of the House of Representatives would answer affirmatively to the cryptic and sophisticated question, &ldquo;Are you tolerant of other views?&rdquo;
In fact, it is easy to say yes to such a question, but much harder to truly live that &lsquo;yes&rsquo;.
Real tolerance means that we accept and practice this proposition: political truths reside in many quarters, speak legions of languages, include all but a few faiths, and connect with countless causes.
Tolerance of the views of the &ldquo;other side,&rdquo; even those we believe to be extreme, is civil politics 101. If all Members of the House all reckoned and reasoned exactly the same, we could work from our home districts at all times, as all but one of us would be unmistakably unnecessary.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
(660) 584-7373 (phone)
(660) 584-7227 (fax)
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
