
Dear Fellow Coloradan,
I know it seems like members of Congress don&rsquo;t get much done in Washington, D.C.
And that's often the truth. But despite the ongoing partisanship in Washington, we Coloradans accomplished a lot in 2013. Even as a minority of lawmakers focused their efforts on senselessly shutting down the federal government and blocking legislative action, with Coloradans by my side I was able to make progress on the issues we care most about. From protecting our constitutional rights to caring for our veterans, I&rsquo;m proud to have been able to bridge the partisan divide and get things done for Colorado and our nation.
But there is still much more to do. As I look forward to continuing to fight for Colorado's economy, way of life and hardworking families in 2014, it is important to reflect on the victories we shared for our great state during the past year:
Secured $450 Million for Flood Recovery
September's tragic flooding washed away homes, businesses and roads. Amidst the devastation, I was proud to lead the fight to ensure that Colorado has the resources it needs to rebuild stronger and better than before. The $450 million my efforts secured to rebuild our roads, bridges and highways was a major victory for Colorado families and businesses. These funds set our state on the path to recovery and are part of the reason Colorado was able to get all 27 highways damaged in the September floods re-opened before Thanksgiving.
Ended the Pinon Canyon Controversy in Southern Colorado
I am proud to have helped put an end to years of uncertainty for both private landholders and Fort Carson&rsquo;s soldiers by brokering an agreement between the U.S. Army and southern Colorado ranchers. As a member of the U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee, I have worked for years to negotiate an end to this longstanding controversy and settle long-running tensions between the two groups. In November 2013, at my request, the Army agreed to withdraw the Pentagon's land-acquisition waiver for the Pinon Canyon Maneuver Site, providing ranchers and residents certainty that they will not be displaced by an expansion of the site. It also ensures that the soldiers stationed at Fort Carson, who rely on access to the existing maneuver site to conduct the tough, realistic training they need to accomplish their missions, can continue to develop the necessary skills to keep our nation secure.
Fought to Reform the NSA and Its Domestic Surveillance Programs
As a leader on the U.S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, I have fought for years to protect our national security while also preserving our constitutional liberties and Americans' privacy rights. This year I continued to lead efforts to ensure that the National Security Agency focuses its domestic surveillance programs on terrorists and spies &mdash; and not innocent Americans.
With Coloradans by my side, I will continue to build a bipartisan coalition in Congress to rein in the NSA and ensure that we never lose sight of our biggest, baddest weapon against extremism: the Bill of Rights. As founding father Benjamin Franklin said, a country that sacrifices privacy for security deserves neither.
Secured Next-Generation Air Tankers to Protect Colorado Communities from Wildfire
Coloradans have lived with wildfires for decades, but years of poor forest management, drought and bark-beetle infestation have caused a new era of modern mega-fires. I have long fought to ensure our fire fighters and forest managers have the tools they need to protect homes and save lives. This year I helped the U.S. Forest Service acquire a series of new, next-generation air tankers to assist in extinguishing small blazes before they become mega-fires. And these tankers have already helped Colorado: One of the tankers, a converted DC-10, assisted in the containment of 2013's Black Forest Fire.
Cut Red Tape and Encouraged Hydropower Development
As a member of the U.S. Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, I have been proud to help Colorado and our nation pursue a balanced energy strategy that creates jobs, produces made-in-America energy and slows global warming. Legislation I partnered with Republican Congressman Tipton on and shepherded through the U.S. Senate this year &mdash; the bipartisan Small Conduit Hydropower Development and Rural Jobs Act &mdash; is already making a difference, literally opening the floodgates of new hydro-power development in places like Ridgeway in southwest Colorado.
Strengthened Air Safety and Put Air Traffic Controllers Back to Work
We need to reduce the federal budget deficit in a strategic way that preserves economic growth, our national security and our public safety. That&rsquo;s why I was proud to partner with Republican U.S. Senator Susan Collins to fix one of the problems associated with the indiscriminate budget &ldquo;sequester&rdquo; cuts. Our bipartisan plan, signed into law last spring, kept air traffic controllers on the job, spared Colorado&rsquo;s hospitality and tourism industries major reductions in customers and reduced flight delays while maintaining a safe and efficient national airspace system.
Forced the IRS to Abandon Warrantless Searches
Whether Americans communicate by letter or email, no government agency should be able to sidestep the Constitution and search Americans' communications without a warrant. That&rsquo;s why I fought the IRS's misguided interpretation of a 1980s-era law and successfully pushed the agency to abandon its pursuit of warrantless searches of Americans' emails and digital communications. This affirmation of our basic constitutional rights to privacy is a victory for Americans everywhere.
Pressed the Federal Railroad Administration to Reopen Its Train Noise Rules
Excessive train noise is a threat to Coloradans' quality of life and economic development throughout our great state. With Coloradans by my side, I was proud to lead the successful effort to convince the U.S. Federal Railroad Administration to formally seek input from Colorado communities, from Castle Rock to Fort Collins, to find more flexible ways to protect public safety while reducing train noise. I will keep fighting to ensure the federal government never loses sight of how burdensome red tape affects Colorado businesses and residents.
Secured Agreement to Give West Slope Veterans Access to Essential Surgeries Closer to Home
We owe it to our veterans &mdash; who have already sacrificed so much for our country &mdash; to ensure that they have access to quality health care and don&rsquo;t have to travel hundreds of miles for medical procedures. As a member of the U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee, I was proud to broker a deal for the Grand Junction VA Medical Center to continue to offer essential surgical procedures to West Slope veterans through a partnership with a Grand Junction hospital. This major win will allow our veterans to avoid having to travel hundreds of miles to Denver or Salt Lake City for routine surgical procedures.
Led the Effort to Confirm Federal Judges
Colorado businesses count on a fully staffed court system so they can quickly resolve legal arguments and focus on creating jobs. That&rsquo;s why I was proud to lead the effort to confirm Raymond Moore to the U.S. District Court bench for the District of Colorado. I also was proud to champion the confirmation of judges to our nation's appellate courts in Colorado and across the nation. These important confirmation votes will ensure that Colorado remains business-friendly and prepared to resolve conflicts as quickly and fairly as possible.
Kept the Denver Broncos Games on TV in the Four Corners Region
Colorado is home to the best team in the National Football League. I was proud to work with the local TV affiliates in Albuquerque, N.M., to ensure that the residents of Durango, Cortez and the Four Corners region would not miss any of the Denver Broncos' games this season. This was a major victory for southwest Colorado. I will keep working to find a permanent solution that ensures all Coloradans can watch the Broncos dominate the competition year after year.
Thank you, Colorado, for your support this year. Every day I go to work in Congress and across our great state, I have your priorities in mind. Please share with me your priorities for the new year by contacting
one of my seven offices in Colorado
or through
Facebook
or
Twitter .
Warm regards,
Offices
Toll Free for Coloradans:
877-7-MUDALL (877-768-3255)
Washington, D.C. Office
Hart Office Building
Suite SH-730
Washington, D.C. 20510
P: 202-224-5941
Northwest Region
P.O. Box 866
Clark, CO 80428
P: 303-650-7820
Northeast Region
801 8th Street
Suite 140A
Greeley, CO 80631
P: 970-356-5586
West Slope Region
400 Rood Avenue
Suite 220
Grand Junction, CO 81501
P: 970-245-9553
Denver Metro Area Region
999 18th Street
Suite 1525, North Tower
Denver, CO 80202
P: 303-650-7820
Southern Colorado Region
107 West B Street
Pueblo, CO 81003
P: 719-542-1701
Four Corners Region
954 East 2nd Avenue
Suite 106
Durango, CO 81301
P: 970-247-1047
Pikes Peak Region
2880 International Circle
Suite 107
Colorado Springs, CO 80910
P: 719-471-3993
San Luis Valley Region
609 Main Street
Suite 205
Alamosa, CO 81101
P: 719-589-2101
Connect with Mark
To unsubscribe from Mark's Newsletter Updates, please
click here
or
paste this address into your web browser: http://www.markudall.senate.gov/?p=newsletter_unsub
