
dec
6
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This week, I hit the road in New Hampshire to hear what's on the minds of Granite Staters. Not surprisingly, Obamacare is at the top of the list.
On
Monday in Portsmouth , small business owners told me some of their concerns about the new health care law - especially the lack of competition and choice. That's a real problem in our state, given that New Hampshire is one of only two states in the country that has just one insurer participating in its health insurance exchange.
Moreover, ten acute care hospitals have been excluded from New Hampshire's Obamacare network. I visited one of them on Monday: Frisbie Memorial in Rochester. Officials and employees there told me that many patients are worried about losing access to their doctors - a serious issue for those who have been receiving care through the hospital, some for decades.
The feedback I received helps me fully understand how this law is negatively impacting New Hampshire. As you may know, I've voted to repeal the Affordable Care Act and I've called for a time out on the law. Additionally, I'm backing legislation that would allow people to keep the health insurance they have, as well as several bills to repeal some of Obamacare's most burdensome provisions.
On Saturday, I'll be in Concord for a very special event honoring the 169th MEDEVAC unit, which recently returned from deployment in Afghanistan. I always appreciate the opportunity to recognize our brave servicemen and women, and I'm looking forward to this special ceremony.
You may have seen recent news reports about McKenzie Lowe, a 12-year-old girl from Hudson who is fighting a rare and aggressive form of brain cancer.
McKenzie's family is asking the Food and Drug Administration to approve a compassionate use request that would allow her to pursue an experimental treatment.
I've written to the FDA on McKenzie's behalf, and I encourage you to sign the Lowe family's online petition to make sure the FDA hears our message. Click
here
to sign the petition.
Please read on for additional news from my office - including legislation I
announced
on Wednesday to reform a federal rural communications program that currently returns only 37 cents for every dollar that New Hampshire contributes to it.
Ayotte Urges FDA to Consider Compassionate Use Request for 12-Year Old Hudson Girl Fighting Brain Cancer
Senator Ayotte is urging the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to allow a 12-year-old girl from Hudson who is suffering from a rare and aggressive form of brain cancer to pursue an experimental treatment under the FDA's compassionate use program.
Last Thanksgiving, McKenzie Lowe was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG) and was given a zero percent chance of survival, but she has fought the disease for a year.
Her family is now seeking permission from the FDA to pursue an experimental drug that may help treat McKenzie's disease but that has not yet been approved by the agency.
The Lowes recently started a
petition , which has been signed by Senator Ayotte and more than 50,000 people across the world, asking the FDA to grant McKenzie a compassionate use exemption.
"The Lowes are fighting for their terminally-ill little girl and they deserve the right to explore treatment options that may help her continue to fight her cancer," Ayotte wrote in a letter today to the FDA Commissioner.
"Whether or not a terminally-ill child is able to receive certain types of care should be a decision made by the family.
I would hope the FDA would not stand in the way when no other treatment options are available for an already terminally-ill child."
Read more.
Granite Staters Share Health Care Concerns
Frisbie job concerns raised with health exchange exclusion By Liz Markhlevskaya,
Foster's Daily Democrat
December 3, 2013
ROCHESTER - While few may be talking about it, staff at Frisbie Memorial Hospital are likely concerned about their jobs after the hospital was excluded from the Health Insurance Exchange under the Affordable Care Act (ACA), often referred to as ObamaCare.
On Monday, dozens of Frisbie employees met with U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte, who gave her commitment to doing anything she can to help Frisbie's situation.
Her visit came after Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield - the only carrier that joined the insurance exchange under the ACA - excluded Frisbie and nine other New Hampshire hospitals from its new narrow network of providers. Starting Jan. 1, patients who sign up for the exchange, and those who have individual plans with Anthem, will no longer be covered at Frisbie or its affiliated doctors, except in cases of emergency.
For Frisbie, which is in danger of losing thousands of patients, the exclusion could be a deep financial threat if the hospital continues to be excluded from the Health Insurance Exchange, said Frisbie CEO Al Felgar.
Read more.
Ayotte Bill Would Reform Federal Rural Communications Program That Shortchanges New Hampshire
Senator Ayotte announced this week that she has introduced legislation to reform a federal rural communications program that currently returns only 37 cents for every dollar that New Hampshire contributes to it.
"In our increasingly digital world, it's critical that rural communities be able to take advantage of the economic and educational benefits of high-speed Internet access. But in too many parts of New Hampshire, reliable broadband access can be hard to come by, making it more difficult for rural businesses to compete in a global marketplace," said Senator Ayotte, a member of the Commerce Committee.
Read more.
Union Leader : Sen. Ayotte Celebrated Across Six States
Sen. Ayotte celebrated across six states
New Englander of the Year: Her efforts to bridge the partisan divide in Washington bring kudos.
By Pat Grossmith,
Union Leader
November 25, 2013
GOFFSTOWN - U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte helped prevent another round of base closures, worked to ensure funding to educate students in science and math, and puts constituents and her country ahead of politics, which is why The New England Council said it named her New Englander of the Year.
Council President Jim Brett, who presented Ayotte with the award Friday at a breakfast reception in her honor at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics at St. Anselm College, said Ayotte was part of the "Gang of 8" senators who came up with a bipartisan solution to end the goverment shutdown last month.
And it was because of that vote that Ayotte was unable to make the group's annual dinner in Boston last month when several other people were also honored with the award.
Brett said the Boston Globe, in an editorial, said it best: "Ayotte and U.S. Senator Susan Collins of Maine seemed to have their priorities right, by showing they had a core commitment to the best interests of the country, not putting a higher loyalty to their party or their political principals."
Read more.
New Hampshire Delegation Calls for Changes to FDA Proposed Food Safety Modernization Rules
Senator Ayotte recently joined fellow New Hampshire delegation members and a bipartisan group of lawmakers in requesting that the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issue a second draft of regulations for public comment before issuing final Food Safety Modernization rules. In a letter to the FDA commissioner, the bipartisan coalition expressed concerns about the impact of proposed rules on farmers and businesses that an additional comment period could help alleviate.
"Despite your agency's efforts to engage with stakeholders during the rulemaking process, we remain concerned about the ambiguity surrounding many aspects of these proposed rules," the letter said.
Read more.
Photos of the Week
On Monday, Senator Ayotte visited NEMO Equipment, a Dover firm that designs and manufactures outdoor gear and military equipment used by U.S. service members.
Read more in the
Union Leader .
Senator Ayotte was in the North Country on Wednesday to address members of the Littleton Rotary Club and provide an update on issues currently being debated on Capitol Hill.
Senator Ayotte was at the State House this week to recognize Peter Burdett, a Bow resident and retired Navy pilot, who was sworn in as New Hampshire's Civilian Aide to the Secretary of the Army.
As past president of the New Hampshire chapter of the Military Officers Association of America and as chair of the State Veterans Advisory Council, Pete has been a dedicated advocate for New Hampshire's service members, veterans, and their families.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
