
A Message from Congressman Paul Broun
Broun Presents Patriot Award
Pictured from right to left: U.S. Congressman Paul Broun, Lt. Col. Vincent Masters, Scott Maddox of the Civilian Marksmanship Program and Mayor Pro-Tem Kathy Hoard
On Friday, January 17th, Dr. Paul Broun, M.D. (GA-10), joined the Citizens Marksmanship Program, to present WWII veteran Lt. Col. Vincent Masters with the Patriot Award. The Patriot Award is presented to veterans who have demonstrated valor in military service and a continued dedication to his or her fellow Americans after returning from service.
Click to Read More
2014 U.S. Service Academy Nominations and Appointments
One of Dr. Brouns responsibilities as a Congressman is the nomination of students to the United States Service Academies. These academies include the United States Air Force (USAFA), Naval (USNA), Military (USMA), and Merchant Marine (USMMA) Academies. This week, with the assistance of his Service Academy Board, Congressman Broun has nominated 19 individuals to United States Service Academies. Additionally, Broun has announced the first two nominees to be appointed to academies. Both Dillon Reidlinger and Garrett Devaney, have received appointments to the United States Military Academy at West Point.
View Full List of 2014 Nominees Here
Broun in the Augusta Chronicle
While conditions improve, hold VA accountable
By
U.S. Rep. Paul C. Broun, M.D.
Guest Columnist
Saturday, Jan. 18, 2014
Earlier this month, I returned to Augusta to participate in an oversight visit with U.S. Rep. Jeff Miller of Florida, chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs to get to the bottom of the problems plaguing the Charlie Norwood VA Medical Center. Along with my colleagues
U.S. Reps. Phil Gingrey and John Barrow of Georgia, and U.S. Rep. Joe Wilson of South Carolina
I questioned the VA hospital staff on how, when and why the lapses in patient care resulting in the deaths of Georgia veterans occurred, and who was ultimately responsible.
Click to Continue Reading
Quick Links
News and Events
Broun Refuses to Fuel Washington's Spending Addiction
"As the new year commences, we are mindful that the national debt stands at $17.2 trillion
accounting for more than $54,000 owed for each American. Unfortunately, instead of kicking old habits and starting the new year with meaningful spending cuts, Washington continues to spend money we dont have, racking up more debt on our already maxed out credit cards,
said Dr. Paul Broun.
Press Releases
Click below to read recent Press Releases.
Multimedia
Connect
RSS Feed
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Washington D.C.
325 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4101
Fax: (202) 226-0776
Athens
3706 Atlanta Hwy, Ste 3B
Athens, GA 30606
Phone: 706-549-9588
Fax: 706-549-9590
Click Here Click Here