
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
Monday, January 6, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
2013 In Review
Dear friends,
As Congress returns to Washington tomorrow for the first legislative day of 2014, I wanted to take a look back at 2013, my first year in Congress. While we have much work left to get done before the end of the 113 th
Congress, I believe weve made some great progress.
It was truly an honor and a privilege to represent you and your families in 2013 and Im looking forward to a very productive 2014.
Sincerely,
Rodney Davis
Member of Congress
Constituent Service
One of the most important, and often overlooked, jobs of a congressional office is constituent service. Im very proud of my staff and how weve been able to assist hundreds of folks from the 13 th
District on their issues with agencies such as the VA, the IRS, or Medicare and Social Security. In 2013, my staff helped nearly 600 individuals through casework, we answered more than 35,000 letters and emails, and our staff in DC led 725 constituents on tours of the US Capitol. Click
here
and
here
for two examples of the work being done in our offices in Illinois and Washington.
Putting Americans Back to Work
While nationally unemployment numbers have dropped, locally we have some of the highest unemployment rates in the state. In 2013, I was proud to introduce
bipartisan legislation
to allow individuals receiving unemployment benefits to go back to school or receive the training necessary to find a new job without fear of losing their benefits.
Similar legislation, the
SKILLS Act ,
was approved by the House in March and aims to further modernize and streamline federal workforce development programs.
Another major jobs bill, the
Water Resources Reform and Development Act (WRRDA) , was overwhelming approved by the House in October. Through WRRDA, Congress authorizes the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to carry out its missions to develop, maintain, and support the Nations vital port and waterways infrastructure needs, and support effective and targeted flood protection and environmental restoration needs.
Included in this bill was
bipartisan language
I introduced with Rep. Cheri Bustos that creates a pilot program that would allow the Army Corps of Engineers to identify projects eligible to be financed through public-private partnerships. This was the first time in 6 years that Congress approved a WRDA bill, a process that is supposed to take place every two years. In November I was selected to serve on the Conference Committee tasked with working out the differences between the House and Senate versions of this bill. Well continue working on this bill in 2014 and hope to have it finalized soon.
Budget
In December, I voted for the
Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 . While this budget agreement is far from perfect, its a small step in the right direction. We can now return to regular order and move through the constitutional appropriations process, giving us the chance to go line-by-line through the budget, keeping what works and getting rid of what doesnt. The changes to military retiree COLAs need to be fixed, and
Im working with my colleagues
to ensure the COLA is fully restored prior to 2015.
One of the first votes I took as a Member of Congress was for the
No Budget No Pay Act .
This bills goal is to hold Congress accountable to doing their job
and thats to pass a budget
or risk losing their pay check.
Obamacare
The Administrations own numbers released at the end of 2013 show that more people have lost health care coverage than have actually signed up for coverage under Obamacare. In November I told the
story of Rachel , and her struggles under Obamacare. Unfortunately her story is not unique, and my office was contacted with hundreds of similar stories.
In November I
supported legislation
to keep the Administrations promise to the American people that if they like their health care plan, they can keep it.
Other priorities
From the moment I was elected last fall, one of my top priorities was for Congress
to pass a new, long-term Farm Bill . While it hasn't been easy, we are extremely close to finalizing a Farm Bill that cuts spending, improves our key risk-management programs for farmers and gives our ag community the certainty they need to plan for the future. Im honored to serve on the Farm Bill Conference Committee and look forward to having this bill signed into law early this year.
Congress and the President were also able to come together to put politics aside and reverse the
student loan rate increase
that went into effect on July 1 and provide a solution to rates moving forward.
Legislation that I co-sponsored to help combat
sexual assault in the military
became law as a part of the National Defense Authorization Act, which was signed by the president in December. I
also introduced legislation to incentivize small businesses
to hire veterans by exempting veterans who already receive health insurance through the Department of Veterans Affairs or reservists covered under TRICARE from being counted towards the number of employees required by the employer mandate under the Affordable Care Act .
Ive also been working to protect our 4 th
Amendment rights. In 2013 I co-sponsored
two pieces of legislation
to restrict information the NSA is allowed to collect without a warrant or court approval and voted to
limit the NSAs ability
to collect phone records.
If you havent already, be sure to like my
Facebook page , follow me on
Twitter , and check out my
YouTube channel
to stay informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and in Illinois.
As always, it is truly an honor to serve you. Please contact my staff in Washington, DC at 202.225.2371, Champaign at 217.403.4690, Decatur at 217.791.6224, Taylorville at 217.824.5117 or Glen Carbon at 618.205.8660 if we can be of any assistance to you, or if youd like to share your thoughts on the issues before Congress.
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here