
Friday December 20, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Putting Partisanship Aside
Rep. Murphy joined with fellow freshman members to form the United Solutions Caucus to find bipartisan, common-sense solutions to the nations fiscal issues. Members of the Caucus once again came together to endorse the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013.
Bipartisan Budget Deal
It was great to see Congress finally put partisanship aside and come to the middle by passing a budget deal to avoid another shutdown. Although far from perfect, it will provide two years of certainty and stability that is so desperately needed for economic growth.
While this compromise was a positive first step, Congress still needs to put in place a more comprehensive agreement to make responsible spending cuts, like what I have outlined in my SAVE Acts, as well as spur economic growth and job creation. While the government doesnt create jobs, it creates an environment that is conducive to job growth.
There is still much Congress must do to put our country on solid economic ground, but by working together to find common-sense solutions, we can continue to move our country forward. I am hopeful for next year that we can move past the gridlock in Washington to tackle our fiscal challenges.
Fighting Against Citrus Greening
Earlier this year, Rep. Murphy met with
representatives from the Indian River
Citrus League, United Indian River Packers,
Tropicana, Packers of Indian River, and the Florida
Citrus Commission to discuss industry concerns.
Last week, the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced the creation of a new, unified emergency response framework to address citrus greening. This new framework will allow USDA and its many partners to improve efficiency and deliver real results. The USDA will provide $1 million to jump start this citrus response framework.
Citrus greening is a serious problem that is threatening our local citrus industry, causing irreparable harm and lost revenue to local farmers. One of the major takeaways from a recent roundtable discussion on citrus greening I held was the need for Washington to help fight this disease that is spreading throughout Florida and across the country.
I remain committed to advocating on behalf of the local citrus industry and the fight to address citrus greening, which is why I formed the bipartisan Citrus Caucus along with Florida Representatives Vern Buchanan, Tom Rooney, and California Representative Gloria Negrete McLeod.
I applaud the USDAs announcement and its commitment to this pressing issue, and remain committed to working with them on efforts to help alleviate the harm caused by citrus greening.
Click here to read more .
Eliminating Misguided Cuts to Future Military Retiree Benefits
On Thursday, I cosponsored bipartisan legislation to eliminate any cuts to military retiree cost-of-living-adjustments (COLAs) included in the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013.
I supported the recent bipartisan budget deal as a positive first step toward much needed compromise in Congress that provides stability for American families and businesses. However, like any compromise, there were things included that I don't agree with. This common-sense solution would restore earned benefits for the brave men and women who serve our nation.
Read more .
Local Social Security Office Reopens
Earlier this week, I was pleased to see that the Social Security Administration's office in West Palm Beach was reopened.
In the weeks following the temporary closure of the West Palm Beach office, my office received a number of troubling comments about the stressful conditions being caused by the closure, including long lines and no waiting area for elderly and disabled beneficiaries. I requested that the Social Security Administration (SSA) make better accommodations during the closure, and our office worked closely with SSA officials to make sure this office was reopened as quickly as possible.
The work Social Security does to serve our nation's elderly and disabled citizens every day is essential. We are happy to see the West Palm Beach office reopen to better serve residents of Florida's 18th District.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here