DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Obamacare Comes After Volunteer Fire Departments
Earlier this week, I was at the Lafayette Volunteer Fire Department in Lancaster to stand with firefighters who are concerned about how the Obamacare employer mandate could affect their squads. For tax purposes, the IRS considers fire and EMS volunteers as employees of their organization or municipality. This could mean that the department has to comply with the employer mandate to either provide insurance or pay a fine. According to the firefighters and local officials I have spoken with, the mandate could radically increase to cost of providing volunteer services. Volunteer firefighters typically have insurance through their employer, but that is not a factor the government will consider when applying the mandate. While the IRS has not issued detailed regulations, if past guidance is any precedent the mandate will be applied to volunteer departments. I support legislation to make it clear that the mandate should not apply to departments relying on volunteers to keep the public safe.
Health Subcommittee Wraps Up Productive Year
This past year, the Health Subcommittee was responsible for more bills signed into law than any other subcommittee in the House of Representatives. Im proud of this record of getting things done in a tough political year. While the subcommittee spent a good deal of time revealing the harmful effects of Obamacare on American healthcare, this didnt prevent me from working on areas of common agreement to get things done. Bills signed into law included legislation to prevent premature births and to make sure schools have life-saving allergy drugs on hand. We also passed a bill to make our pharmaceutical supply chain safer and make compounded drugs safer. Additionally, we renewed legislation that governs Food and Drug Administration review of drugs for pets and livestock.
Important Unfinished Health Care Business
While I am pleased with what we accomplished this year, there are some major items I hope we can move forward early in 2014. First, I would like to see the President sign my bill to renew a program that helps train pediatricians. The House and Senate have passed similar bills and now we need to work on a compromise. Second, we need to pass permanent legislation to prevent cuts to doctors working with Medicare. Last summer, the Energy and Commerce Committee approved a bill. Currently, we have three months to work together before doctors could see a cut of up to 20 percent. Its time that we stopped temporary patches and passed permanent legislation to govern this critical program.
Senator Coburn Publishes Annual Catalog of Waste
Oklahoma Senator Tom Coburn (R) is out with his latest list of terribly wasteful government programs. Over the years, hes done an excellent job of pointing out programs that demonstrate just how many government programs are simply unnecessary. Number 16 in his list this year is the USDA sugar program, which Ive been working hard to eliminate. This year alone, this program directly cost American taxpayers $171.5 million. On top of that, the price distortions caused by the program add more than a billion dollars to the price consumers pay for sugar. Read the complete report
HERE .
Op-ed of the Week: Getting Things Done
Gridlock. Its a word weve often heard this year to describe what is happening on Capitol Hill. With the House and Senate divided between Democrats and Republicans for a third year in a row, tensions have certainly been high. Negotiating compromises has not been easy, but I am proud to say that my Health Subcommittee has had some notable successes.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Obamacare Ads Promote Unhealthy Behvior
Obamacare ads in Colorado promote health care coverage by encouraging unhealthy behavior.
Obamacare's Broken Promises
Congressman Pitts opens up the hearing to question Health and Human Services Secretary Sebelius about the implementation of Obamacare.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here