
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
December 12, 2013
Dear
David,
The past month has been a busy time in Congress. After
working to end the reckless federal government shutdown that hurt families
and businesses across Ventura County, it is important that Congress
refocus its energies on growing our economy and creating jobs. To do
that, we must pass a budget that reflects our values as a nation, and one
that avoids another government shutdown; we must pass comprehensive
immigration reform for our farmers and farmworkers, our large employers,
and for our students; we must continue to level the playing field for
women in the workforce, and as one of our largest employers, I will
continue to do all that I can to protect and strengthen Naval Base
Ventura County.
As the Ranking Member on the Veterans
Subcommittee on Health, I am honored to be able to work for our veterans and
their families. As we approach this holiday season, let us take some
time to thank them for their selfless sacrifice at home and
abroad.
I am pleased to report that we have received almost 60,000
letters, phone calls and emails from you! It is your personal stories that
make me better able to represent you in Congress, so I urge you to
continue to reach out to me to let me youre your opinion on the issues
most important to you.
Below is a brief update on
how Ive been working as your Representative in
Congress.
It is an honor to serve you in Congress,
JULIA BROWNLEY
Member of
Congress
P.S. To get the latest from my office,
visit my website at
juliabrownley.house.gov ,
like me on Facebook at
facebook.com/repjuliabrownley , or follow me on Twitter at
@juliabrownley26 .
Also, consider forwarding this eNewsletter to your friends and
family.
Tell Me What Issues Are Important to You Choose any of the
below: Jobs and the
Economy Energy and
Environment Education Health
Care Housing National Security Veterans' Issues Senior's Issues Other *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
A Busy
Veterans Day in Ventura County
This
Veterans Day, I met and thanked local veterans and their families for
their service at the Oxnard Family Circle, attended the Veterans Day
Observance at Plaza Park in Oxnard to commemorate the service and
sacrifice of local veterans, and met with veterans as they enjoyed a lunch at
the Veterans Home of California in Ventura.
Thank you for
your service!
Congresswoman Brownley
met with veterans at Oxnard Family Circle and spoke about
the pressing issues facing Ventura County
veterans.
Demanding Transparency in VA Construction
Processes
As a member of the House
Veterans Affairs Committee, it is my job to ensure the Department of Veterans
Affairs (VA) is spending taxpayer dollars as efficiently as possible,
so that scarce resources can be directed where they benefit our
veterans most. See my testimony below regarding this important issue as it
relates to how the VA spends construction dollars.
Congresswoman Brownley demands
transparency in VA construction processes at a VA Committee hearing on
November
20.
Fighting for
Comprehensive Immigration Reform
I recently
joined my colleagues in the House to urge Congress to pass Comprehensive
Immigration Reform (H.R. 15), a bill of which I am proud to be an
original co-sponsor. Reforming Americas immigration system will invest
in our future, drive the economy, protect American jobs, reduce the
deficit, and keep families and communities together.
Congresswoman Brownley joined her
colleagues to urge Congress to take action and pass bipartisan immigration
reform.
Dyslexia Caucus Public
Kick-Off
Having long worked on issues
related to dyslexia in our education system, I am proud to Co-Chair the
Dyslexia Caucus with Congressman Bill Cassidy. Together, Congressman
Cassidy and I are working to raise public awareness and advance
research surrounding dyslexia so that students with dyslexia have the
opportunities to receive the educational tools and resources they need to
reach their full potential.
Congresswoman
Brownley attends Dyslexia Caucus event, and listens to students
discuss ways to improve educational resources for those with
dyslexia.
Making the Affordable Care Act Work for
You
I authored an editorial in the
Ventura
County Star
outlining my views on the Affordable Care Act. For
those of you who have reached out to tell me your personal stories,
thank you. For those of you who have not, I encourage you to do so. It is
with these stories that I can best advocate for our community in
Congress.
You can read my editorial
here .
Investing in Innovation, Research, and Manufacturing to Create
Jobs
Recently, I introduced the Innovation,
Research, and Manufacturing Act, which would help spur job creation by
expanding and making permanent the research and development tax
credit. Ventura County is home to high-technology innovators, including
biotech and precision manufacturing. Our communitys businesses
large
and small
invest in new technology to keep at the forefront of
innovation. My bill will help them, and other businesses throughout the
region, compete in the 21st Century economy and build a better, more
prosperous future for all Californians.
You can read my press
release
here .
Thank you for taking the time to ready my e-newsletter. Happy
Holidays to you and your family!
Washington D.C.
Office 1019 Longworth HOB Washington, DC
20515 Phone: 2022255811 Fax: 2022251100 Hours: Mon.-Fri.
9:00am-5:30pm
Oxnard, CA
Office 300 E. Esplanade Drive, Suite 470 Oxnard, CA
93036 Phone: 8053791779 Fax: 8053791799 Hours: Mon.-Fri.
9:00am-5:30pm
Thousand
Oaks, CA Office 223 E. Thousand Oaks Blvd., Suite
411 Thousand Oaks, CA 91360 Phone Number: 8053791779 Fax:
8053791799 Hours: Mon.-Fri.
9:00am-5:30pm
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
