DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
December 20, 2013
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Across the 10th District
Last week the House of Representatives finished up votes for the year, allowing me the chance to spend this week back home in North Carolina.
My first visit of the week was to Gaston Christian School.
I was guided on a tour of the school by Dr. Marc Stout, the Head of School.
Below you can see a photo of my visit with one of the 8th grade classes.
Later Monday I had the pleasure of joining Gastonia Mayor John Bridgeman for a meeting of his Youth Leadership Council at City Hall.
I began Tuesday by meeting with constituents who have been negatively impacted by the rollout of Obamacare.
Throughout the past two months since the exchanges opened, I have heard from numerous constituents adversely impacted by the President's flawed healthcare law and this was another opportunity to hear directly from the people of the 10th District.
My next stop was not something I have had the opportunity to do before.
One of my former school teachers, Ms. Bumgardner, volunteers at Covenant Ridge Retirement Community teaching residents American history.
She invited me to address the residents and share my experiences in Congress.
I concluded Tuesday by addressing the Gaston Regional Chamber's Board of Advisors meeting at the Habitat for Humanity office in Gastonia.
Wednesday I had the privilege of touring the newly renovated surgical suite and operating room at Catawba Valley Medical Center in
Hickory.
You can see more photos from my visits across the 10th District by visiting my Facebook page
here .
Lenoir-Rhyne Bears Play for Championship
Tomorrow the Lenoir-Rhyne University football team will play their biggest game ever when they face off against Northwest Missouri State University in the NCAA Division II national championship game in Florence, Alabama.
The Bears advanced to the championship game by handily defeating West Chester University 42-14 last Saturday.
This week I stopped by Lenoir-Rhyne as the Bears were boarding their buses to wish Coach Mike Houston and his team good luck before the big game.
You can see a photo from my visit below.
Also, click
here
to read more about Lenoir-Rhyne's historic season and the positive impact the championship run has had on the school.
Be sure to tune in to ESPN2 tomorrow at noon to watch the game.
GO BEARS!!
Crowdfunding's Popularity Grows in NC
I was excited to see crowdfunding prominently featured in two of North Carolina's largest newspapers this week.
First, the Charlotte Observer had a story on what exactly you need to know to crowdfund your small business or startup.
Then, the Raleigh News and Observer ran a story about how the city is starting a crowdfunding campaign to pay for new park benches and bike racks.
These stories highlight the variety of projects that can benefit from crowdfunding as it is not just used by businesses, but also communities and charity groups.
When I first introduced crowdfunding legislation in 2011, it was with the goal of helping small businesses and startups in North Carolina raise capital that wouldn't otherwise be available.
It is great to see both of these papers giving this growing industry some publicity.
You can read each of the stories by clicking the images below:
What I Have Been Reading
SEC Plans Higher Limit for Small Stock Deals Under JOBS Act
Bloomberg
On Wednesday, the Securities and Exchange Commission took another step to help small businesses raise capital by proposing new regulations that would increase by 10 times the amount of money startups and small businesses can raise in public offerings.
These changes were mandated by the JOBS Act of 2012 and are reasonable steps striking a balance between investor protection and helping small businesses raise capital.
Shelby storms to title with interceptions, blocked kicks
Shelby Star
Congratulations to the Shelby High School Golden Lions on winning the 2013 2A state football championship last Saturday in Chapel Hill!
The story above gives an overview of their 29-7 victory in the championship game.
The championship was
a tremendous ending to the season for Coach Lance Ware and his team.
Late Southern Durham TD strike denies Crest, 38-31
Shelby Star
Last Saturday marked a disappointing end to the season for the Crest High School Chargers as they fell 38-31 in the 3AA state football championship game in Winston-Salem.
While the loss was certainly not the way I wanted to see the season end, Coach Mark Barnes and his team deserve credit for another great season.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC
28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC
28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here