
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
December 15, 2013
Friends,
At a time when our country is facing enormous debt and economic
uncertainty, tough decisions must be made to get our fiscal house in order.
The American people deserve responsible solutions to our nations most
pressing problems, and that is why
I supported the
Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 , a budget agreement passed by the House
that reduces our deficit without raising taxes . I studied this
legislation extensively, and worked with my colleagues including
Chairman Paul Ryan, to make sure I fully understood and verified the
spending cuts are real. While more work needs to be done, this budget
agreement is a good place to start. It is a win for anyone who recognizes
the threats posed by out of control spending and wants to curb our
deficit.
Because of critical differences between
Republicans and Democrats on our nations fiscal priorities, we have found
ourselves in a tense budget battle for quite some time. Fortunately, the
House and Senate Budget Committees worked hard and were able to come
to an agreement.
The agreement isnt perfect, but it does make
significant spending cuts to both permanent and mandatory spending
while putting us on a path towards achieving economic security for
hardworking Americans.
This legislation avoids the potential of a
government shutdown and gets Congress back on the path of funding the
government in a timely manner through budgeting and planning on a
regular basis.
The
Bipartisan Budget Act of
2013
includes spending cuts and savings totaling $85
billion while eliminating waste.
It stops sending unemployment
checks to criminals and government checks to dead people, and it stops
paying Medicaid bills that insurance companies should cover. These
reforms are common sense and will save billions of
dollars.
The
Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013
protects our
defense community by providing $63 billion in sequester relief over two
years, split evenly between defense and non-defense programs .
Without this bill, defense is the only casualty of the January
sequester. The Pentagon would bear the full brunt of the next round of
sequester cuts, undoubtedly impairing our militarys readiness and putting
our national defense at risk. This is a huge issue for North Carolina
because of the impact on training and on civilian jobs at Fort Bragg and
our other military installations
Last but not
least, the
Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013
enacts real
reforms right now.
The federal government makes trillions of
dollars of empty promises to retirees. And these empty promises not only
drive the debt, they also threaten the retirement security of current
and future seniors. This agreement starts to address the problem. The
agreement also asks private companies to cover more of the cost of
guaranteeing their pension benefits. The taxpayers shouldnt have to bail
out private companies pension benefits.
Our economy
is saddled under a staggering $17 trillion debt. Years of reckless
spending have led our country into a dire economic situation, putting the
burden on our hard-working families, small businesses, and local
communities. Americans deserve a long-term budget that addresses the
underlying spending problem plaguing our federal government, not temporary
plans that continue to kick the can down the road.
This budget
agreement saves money and provides stability.
It is $78
billion below where government spending was set by Republicans when we
took over the House in 2010, and it is a full $191 billion below where
the President anticipated discretionary spending to be in his original
budget. I support this budget agreement, and my commitment remains to
cutting spending and reducing the deficit so we can grow the economy
and create real jobs right here at home.
Until next
week,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Constituent Success
Story
Recently, a 90-year-old WWII veteran
contacted my office in Concord looking for help dealing with the Department
of Veterans Affairs (VA). The veteran previously applied for aid in
2011, but was denied because several documents were not reviewed
correctly by the VA. My staff was able to work directly with the VA to get
this veteran what he truly deserved. He was awarded a monthly benefit of
$1,758.00 and received a retro-active payment of
$22,600.00.
If you need help navigating a federal agency,
please dont hesitate to call our Concord office at
704-786-1612.
__________________________
This
past week, I hosted a telephone townhall with my friend and colleague,
Budget Chairman Paul Ryan, to discuss the budget agreement and our
nations fiscal priorities. Thanks to all who
participated!
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone:
(704) 7861612
Rockingham
Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 