
Friday, December 13, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Fighting for Jobs, Economic Growth
Rep. Murphy spoke last week at the Chamber of Commerce of the Palm Beaches' breakfast about his plan to boost the local economy.
A Plan for Jobs
When it comes down to it, Congress number one job is jobs. While the government doesnt create jobs, it is responsible for providing an environment conducive to job growth. Jobs are the core of our economy and are central to the economic recovery. They embody the American spirit of ingenuity and industry, and they are vital to building a better future for all Americans.
Although our economy is moving in the right direction, the unemployment rate remains too high. And at the same time as many continue to struggle to find full-time or even part-time work, the national debt continues to increase. That is why I have held 60 meetings, roundtables, and company site visits as part of a jobs tour to put together a plan that will both create jobs and reduce the debt.
This plan consists of common sense, pro-growth policies that allow new businesses to develop and existing businesses to expand. For example, it focuses on making the U.S. tax code competitive again. America's taxes are too high overall and their complexity unfairly burden small businesses and the middle class. The tax code must be streamlined to help businesses create jobs instead of relocating overseas and taking jobs with them.
Rep. Murphy visited Max Planck Florida Institute as part of his jobs tour to discuss the importance of research &amp; development to the local economy.
Additionally, the plan calls for helping veterans find full employment. Our nation's heroes have risked everything for our country, and we must make sure that they have an opportunity to find a good job at a decent wage.
Other highlights of the plan include incentivizing investments in research and development, reducing burdensome regulations on businesses, investing in infrastructure and our environment, revitalizing our education system, and maintaining a vibrant tourism industry.
Click here to find out more about my jobs plan.
There is still much to be done by Congress to put our country on solid financial ground, but by working together on common sense solutions such as these, we can continue to move our nation forward.
November Jobs Report
The Bureau of Labor Statistics released its monthly jobs report last Friday, and the news is good: the economy added 203,000 jobs in November while the unemployment rate dropped to seven percent, the lowest in five years. The economy has now added private sector jobs for 45 straight months.
Also last week, the Commerce Department reported that the economy grew at a better-than-expected rate of 3.6 percent from July through September and that jobless claims decreased sharply.
While this is welcome news, it shows the need for Congress to stop governing by crisis and provide the certainty and stability to continue this economic recovery by implementing common sense solutions such as those outlined in my jobs plan.
Important Survey on Boosting Job Growth
Which of the below policies outlined in my jobs plan do you think is most important for boosting economic growth across the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches?
Click here to weigh in:
- Keep jobs at home by making the U.S. tax code competitive again
- Boost Treasure Coast &amp; Palm Beach manufacturing and exports to grow jobs
- Incentivizing investments in research and development
- Reduce the regulatory burden on businesses
- Rehabilitate U.S. infrastructure to attract foreign investment
- Revitalize education to give all Americans a competitive advantage
- Other
Calling on Congress:
Act on Unemployment Compensation
According to a
report
released last week, 73,000 unemployed Floridians will lose their unemployment benefits on December 28 and another 95,300 Floridians will lose their benefits in the first six months of 2014 unless Congress extends the Emergency Unemployment Compensation program.
Congress must break through the gridlock to pass the unemployment extension to help those Americans who continue to struggle as a result of the economic downturn get back on their feet. They must also work together to put in place common sense policies to spur economic growth and job creation.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here