
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
January 01, 2014
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
CONSTITUENTS
|
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
|
NEWSROOM
|
DISTRICT
Dear Friend,
With so many of the
headlines coming out of Washington focused on shutdowns and sequestration,
it can be easy to forget that 2013 included some significant decisions
and events that will have a profound impact on Massachusetts and the
nation.
In the midst of partisan stalemate, fueled by the
House Republican leaderships refusal to bring many important bills to
the floor for a vote, Congress was able to come together on several
key national issues.
To start the year, a bipartisan
compromise was reached to extend middle class tax cuts permanently, asking
the wealthiest to pay their fair share. By protecting the middle class
we were able to provide reassurance for the future and stability of
so many American families.
February saw Congress
reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA), strengthening the ability of
the Federal government, the states, law enforcement, and service
providers to combat domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault,
and stalking. It also included provisions to ensure that all victims of
domestic violence receive the protection they need
including
providing new safeguards , based on findings from experts in the field, for
Native Americans, legal immigrants and members of the LGBT
community.
As a strong supporter of VAWA, I believe this legislation
is necessary in order to protect victims of domestic violence, enable
women to escape abusive relationships, and to take another step
forward for womens rights.
Also in 2013, Congress made
unprecedented changes that prevent and combat sexual assault in our armed
forces. The final, passed 2014 National Defense Authorization Act, which
sets policy for the Department of Defense,
included a multitude of provisions authored by myself and Rep.
Mike Turner (R-OH) . Our changes offer considerable momentum toward
changing the deep-rooted and flawed culture that has allowed these
crimes to pervade our armed forces for far too
long.
Click here to read the Boston
Globe's recent story about my long-standing bipartisan work to combat
military sexual assault.
The provisions
make historic changes to commander authority by removing the ability to
overturn a jury verdict. The law now mandates a dishonorable
discharge for those convicted of sexual assault; ensures that every victim of
military sexual assault gets an attorney; and extends vital support
services to members of the Coast Guard. This NDAA is necessary to
support survivors and ensure the Pentagon continues important sexual assault
prevention measures.
The Supreme Court also took historic action , ruling the Defense of
Marriage Act (DOMA) unconstitutional and returned marriage equality to
the state of California this past June. Throughout 2013, I had joined
my colleagues in three friend of the court briefs challenging the
constitutionality of DOMA, which prevented federal recognition of same
sex marriage.
The Supreme Court ruling was a victory for
equality and a victory for the American family. Our nation is stronger
for its commitment to defending the rights and human dignity of all
people. Massachusetts can be proud that it played a pioneering role in
shining a national spotlight on this issue.
Locally,
Washingtons impact was felt across our region in 2013, by our businesses,
organizations and military installations.
At my
invitation, Air Force Chief of Staff General Mark Welsh visited Hanscom
Air Force Base and MITs Lincoln Labs in November for a firsthand look
at the remarkable work being done there in support of our
servicemembers. One week later, Army Chief of Staff General Ray Odierno made a
similar visit to Natick Soldier Systems Center.
Both military leaders were impressed by Massachusetts unique
ecosystem
of military, business and academia that makes us a hub
of innovation.
Federal funding announcements sparked
progress in several areas such as education and economic and urban
development this past year, a testament to the hard work of those awarded
organizations.
The Merrimack Valley Workforce Investment
Board was one of only 16 recipients nationwide for the EPAs Environmental
Workforce Development and Job Training Program, enabling them to
train and place students in environmental jobs. And Mt. Wachusett
Community College in Gardner was awarded a competitive National Endowment for
the Humanities grant to support the institutions humanities
initiative.
Haverhill saw the U.S. Department of Transportation
finalize plans for repairing the Merrimack River Bridge and communities
like Pepperell and Lunenburg were awarded firefighter grants to update
equipment and training.
But our work is far from done.
Jobs and the economy remain front and center, with lawmakers and
constituents alike focused on what can be done to develop our workforce,
keep jobs on American soil and embrace the next generation of energy and
innovation. And we must act on comprehensive immigration reform, which
will significantly impact millions of Americans, our economy and the
future success of this country.
As we look ahead to 2014,
we can find confidence in the fact that beyond the dominant headlines
of 2013 were some significant milestones in Washington and in
Massachusetts.
As always, I hope that you continue to provide me
with your thoughts, feedback, and opinions on these or any other
subjects via my
website
or on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Happy New Year
from my family to yours!
Sincerely,
Niki
Tsongas
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Please Feel Free to
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Office Locations
Washington D.C. Office
1607
Longworth House Office Building | Washington, DC 20515
Phone:(202)
2253411 |
Fax: (202) 2260771
Lowell MA Office
11 Kearney Square, 4th Floor
Lowell, MA 01852
Hours: Mon.
Fri., 9:00am
5:00pm
Phone: 978.459.0101
Fax: 9784591907
Haverhill
Haverhill Citizens Center
10 Welcome St, Room 4
Haverhill, MA 01830
Hours: Tues., 9:00am
11:00am
Phone: 9784590101
Marlborough
Frank D. Walker
Building
255 Main St, Room 108
Marlborough, MA 01752
Hours: Thurs., 10:00am
12:00pm
Phone:
9784590101
Lawrence MA Office
15 Union
Street, Suite 401
Lawrence, MA 01840
Hours: Tues.
&amp; Wed., 10:00am
5:00pm
Phone: 9786816200
Fax: 9786826070
Tues., Wed., 10AM - 5PM
Fitchburg
Fitchburg
State University
Center for Professional Studies Office |
150 Main Street Fitchburg, MA 01420
Hours: Tues. &amp;
Thurs., 10:00am
1:00pm | Phone: 9784590101
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
