
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
November 4-22, 2013
Worked to enhance accountability in federal spending
Congressman Forbes supported the Data Accountability and Transparency (DATA) Act,
H.R. 2061 , to establish an independent body to track federal spending, including grants, contracts, loans and agencies internal expenses, on a single electronic platform, making all of the information available to the public.
The bill expands the role of the Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board to oversee stimulus spending and help prevent waste, fraud and abuse throughout federal spending.
This bill passed by a vote of 388-1.
Attended a Classified Readiness Briefing on America's National Security
Congressman Forbes led an effort to establish a classified readiness briefing for the entire House of Representatives, so that all Members are fully aware of the devastation sequestration cuts will have on our defense policy.
The briefing focused on the current state of readiness of the combatant commanders to meet their wartime missions, the services readiness to provide trained and ready forces, and the challenges presented by sequestration.
Supported COLA increase for disabled veterans and their beneficiaries
Congressman Forbes supported the Veterans Compensation Cost-of-Living Act of 2013,
S.893 , which provides a cost-of-living-adjustment in veterans compensation and dependents indemnity compensation benefits, which will go into effect on December 1, 2013.
This bill passed the Senate and the House, and was signed into law by the President on November 21, 2013.
Defense
Met with Marine Corps Commandant, General Amos.
Congressman Forbes met with the Commandant of the Marine Corps to discuss sequestration and its impact on military readiness.
The Congressman and General Amos discussed ways to minimize the crippling effects of sequestration on readiness and how best to preserve the capabilities of our Marine Corps.
Delivered Remarks at the USNI Foreign Naval Attach Event.
Congressman Forbes spoke about the key role American naval power will continue to play in the future to an assembly of naval attachs from over 50 countries.
The navies of America and its allies will continue to play a pivotal role in maintaining the safety and security of the sea, whether tackling piracy, deterring regional aggression, or swiftly coming to the aid of an ally after a natural disaster.
As Chairman of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, helping to deepen these relationships is a high priority for Congressman Forbes.
Hosted a Meeting to Discuss Pentagon Strategic Thinking.
Congressman Forbes met with the director of the Pentagons Office of Net Assessment, Andrew Marshall.
Director Marshall has overseen every major revolution in military thinking for over forty years.
The Pentagon has suggested closing ONA, a move which Congressman Forbes strongly opposes.
Congressman Forbes joined other Members in sending a
letter
to Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel rejecting any move that would compromise or dilute the influence of net assessment on strategic thinking.
The Congressman will continue to fight for long-term, strategic thinking in the Pentagon.
Hosted a Roundtable Discussion with Asian Ambassadors.
Congressman Forbes was tapped by House Armed Services Chairman McKeon and Ranking Member Smith to lead an Asia-Pacific Oversight Series.
One key component of this 5-month series was sitting down with the Ambassadors of six important Asian allies and partners to learn about their concerns and see how Congress can more effectively build partnerships in the region.
Following the meeting, Congressman Forbes said the ambassadors were incredibly appreciative that they were at the table [sharing] what they view as their priorities in the regionThat had an impact in and of itself.
Discussed America's Global Interests with the Commander of European Command.
Congressman Forbes met with General Phillip M. Breedlove, US European Command and NATO Supreme Allied Commander Europe.
The Congressman and General Breedlove also discussed the future of NATO, security challenges in Europe, and the readiness challenges he is facing under sequestration.
Foreign Affairs
Discussed U.S. relations with China.
After their testimony to the House Armed Services Committee on their annual report, Congressman Forbes sat down with the USCC commissioners to discuss U.S.-China relations in greater detail. As Chairman of the China Caucus, Congressman Forbes is working to educate Members and staff on Capitol Hill about the US-China relationship.
Urged the release of an American citizen imprisoned in Iran.
Congressman Forbes joined 76 Members in sending a
letter
to President Obama, urging him to call for Pastor Abedinis release. Pastor Saeed Abedini, an American citizen, was imprisoned in Iran because of his Christian faith while on a trip to build an orphanage.
Congressman Forbes is also a cosponsor of
H.Res.147
calling on Iran to release Saeed to his wife and two young children.
Met with Philippine Ambassador to the United States Jose L. Cuisia.
Congressman Forbes met with Ambassador Cuisia to learn about the progress disaster relief operations have made after Typhoon Haiyan, and what security issues the Philippines feels are most pressing.
Ambassador Cuisia extended his gratitude for the assistance the U.S. has provided to his country during such difficult times.
Congressman Forbes and the Ambassador also discussed the current situation with China regarding the Scarborough Shoal.
Since WWII, when Filipino and American soldiers fought side by side in the Pacific, our countries have been blessed to have a strong relationship, founded on the shared values of democracy and freedom.
Met with Minister Kawai of the Japanese House of Representatives.
Congressman Forbes met with the former Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee in the Japanese House of Representatives, to discuss the current situation in East Asia and the U.S.-Japan alliance. America is looking for its allies to take a more proactive role in Asia-Pacific regional security, and the Japanese government is looking to change their countrys constitution in order to adequately address emerging threats to its security and be more active in its partnership with the United States.
Supported the fight against HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria.
Congressman Forbes supported the PEPFAR Stewardship and Oversight Act,
S. 1545 , which extends through FY 2018 the President's global HIV/AIDS initiative, including authority under which U.S. foreign aid can be used to combat HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria. It also extends participation in the United Nations-created Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria and continues current law limiting the U.S. contribution to no more than 33% of the total amounts contributed to the Global Fund from all sources.
The bill passed by voice vote.
Healthcare
Worked to allow Americans to keep their healthcare plan.
Congressman Forbes supported the Keep Your Health Plan Act,
H.R. 3350 ,
which would permit a health insurance provider that has in effect, health insurance coverage in the individual market as of January 1, 2013, to continue offering that coverage for sale during 2014, outside of a healthcare exchange established under the Affordable Care Act.
It also treats such coverage as a grandfathered health plan for purposes of an individual meeting the requirement to maintain minimum essential health coverage.
The bill allows plans in effect by Jan. 1, 2013 to continue to be offered for sale, not just continued, next year.
This bill passed by a vote of 261-157.
Reauthorized funding for preterm birth research.
Congressman Forbes supported the PREEMIE Reauthorization Act,
S. 252 , to provide funding for federal research and educational activities related to preterm birth.
It also establishes a National Pediatric Research Network which would award grants to research institutions that focus on rare pediatric diseases and conditions.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Supported Organ Donations for Individuals with HIV/AIDS.
Congressman Forbes supported the HIV Organ Policy Equity Act,
S. 330 , to permit HIV-positive to HIV-positive organ transplants to ease the demand on our nations organ transplant network.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Judiciary
Addressed fraud in asbestos claims .
Congressman Forbes supported the Furthering Asbestos Claim Transparency (FACT) Act,
H.R. 982 ,
to ensure that asbestos trust funds are protected from fraud and abuse and remain a viable source of compensation for legitimate victims.
This bill passed by a vote of 221-199.
Fought against lawsuit abuse .
Congressman Forbes supported the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act,
H.R. 2655 ,
which restores mandatory sanctions for filing frivolous lawsuits.
This bill passed by a vote of 228-195.
Ensured protection around Supreme Court . Congressman Forbes supported a bill,
H.R. 2922 ,
to extend the authority of the Supreme Court Police to protect court officials away from the Supreme Court grounds.
Since 1982, Congress has provided the authority for the Supreme Court police to provide security beyond the Court itself for the Justices, employees and visitors.
Th is bill passed by a vote of 399-3.
Recognized the right to counsel .
Congressman Forbes supported a resolution,
H.Res.196 ,
supporting the Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution, right to counsel.
This year marks the 50th anniversary of the
Gideon v. Wainwright
decision, which held that an accused has the right to counsel in a criminal trial.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Energy
Called for increased domestic oil and gas production on federal lands.
Congressman Forbes supported the Federal Lands Jobs and Energy Security Act,
H.R. 1965 ,
which requires the Interior Department to develop a strategic plan for the nation's energy needs over 30 years and set domestic production goals to meet demand. Furthermore, the bill increases the amount of federal land available for oil and gas production, by requiring that at least 25% of eligible federal land be made available each year for leasing and by providing for new oil shale.
This bill passed by a vote of 228-192.
Supported states rights to develop energy resources.
Congressman Forbes supported the Protecting States' Rights to Promote American Energy Security Act,
H.R. 2728 ,
which prohibits the Interior Department from enforcing onerous federal rules related to hydraulic fracturing in states that have their own rules, and requires the EPA to take certain actions in conducting its study of the impact of fracking on drinking water
including setting a deadline for release of a final report.
This bill passed by a vote 235-187.
Supported an efficient permit process for natural gas pipelines.
Congressman Forbes supported the Natural Gas Pipeline Reform Act,
H.R. 1900 ,
which sets statutory deadlines for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) and other federal agencies to act when considering certification or permits for the construction or expansion of natural gas pipelines. Specifically, this bill requires the FERC to approve or deny an application for a pipeline construction certificate (known as a certificate of public convenience and necessity) for "pre-filed" projects within 12 months of receiving a complete application.
This bill passed by a vote of 255-165.
Family Values
Defended so help me God in our solemn oaths.
Congressman Forbes signed a
letter
to Lt. Gen. Michelle Johnson, Superintendent of the Air Force Academy, expressing concern over the removal of so help me God from three military oaths printed in the 2012 Cadet Contrails Handbook.
Each of the oaths includes the phrase as they appear in the text of the Unites States Code and the Code of Federal Regulations.
Congressman Forbes also cosponsored
H.R. 3416 ,
which requires congressional approval before any oath taken by cadets and midshipmen at U.S. Military Academies can be changed.
Agriculture
Worked to protect payments to tobacco farmers.
Congressman Forbes joined 36 of his colleagues in sending a
letter
to USDA Secretary Tom Vilsak requesting that the Secretary preserve the final installment of payments under the Tobacco Transition Payment Program (TTPP) from the indiscriminate cuts of sequestration.
The ten-year transition program to help tobacco farmers adjust to the free market is set to expire after the last round of payments is issued next year.
However, Secretary Vilsak recently announced that the TTPP may be impacted if the second round of sequestration cuts go into effect in January of 2014.
About Washington Update
Washington Update serves as a resource to the constituents of the Fourth Congressional District of Virginia on the work of Congressman Forbes. It is published weekly while Congress is in session. Hyperlinks to bill information are provided if the information disseminated by the House of Representatives is available at the time of distribution.
As always, Congressman Forbes welcomes your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://randyforbes.house.gov
to send an e-mail or call any of Congressman Forbes' three district offices.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here