
December 20, 2013
IN THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
Senate Passes Defense Bill That Benefits Maine's Economy
Senator Collins Explains Why Bipartisan Budget Agreement is Step
Forward
Fighting for Maine's Firefighters
Strengthening A Vital Jobs Training Program
Working Toward a Better Understanding of Mental Health
Wreaths Across America
Senate Passes Defense Bill that Benefits Maine's Economy
With the strong support of Senator Susan Collins, the U.S. Senate has
passed the Fiscal Year 2014 National Defense Authorization Act, which
includes several provisions that are important to service members in
Maine and the Maine economy.
The bill authorizes an additional $100 million toward a tenth ship in
the DDG-51 multi-year procurement. The Navy has said that this ship
would be built at Bath Iron Works (BIW) provided the upcoming defense
appropriations bill also includes the funding which will help fill a
shortfall caused by last year's sequestration.
"The National Defense Authorization Act, realized through a bipartisan
and bicameral effort, illustrates the importance that Congress places
on our nation's shipbuilding programs, which support the Navy in
meeting its essential national security commitments around the globe,"
said Senator Collins, who is a senior member of the Senate
Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense. "The funding for the tenth
DDG-51 destroyer that will be built right here in Maine by the
outstanding men and women at Bath Iron Works has been authorized, and I
will continue to work to see that the money is actually appropriated."
In addition, the bill includes an important amendment, authored by
Senator Collins at the request of the Navy, that will allow for the
settlement of the decades-old A-12 aircraft lawsuit and keep work going
on the third DDG-1000 steel deckhouse, steel hangar, and aft VLS
modules being built at BIW. The settlement allows the Navy to receive
$400 million worth of needed military hardware at no cost, including a
$200 million credit for the third DDG-1000 deckhouse that will protect
hundreds of jobs at BIW. The settlement creates a favorable outcome for
the Pentagon, the defense industry, and, most important, our nation's
taxpayers.
The bill also authorizes $11.5 million to fund an effort to consolidate
the shipyard structural shops at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery
more quickly than previously planned.
The project, originally slated
for fiscal year 2015, was included in the President's budget request
this year in conjunction with the delivery to Congress of a report from
the Navy on improving the infrastructure and modernizing the Navy's
four public shipyards. Senators Collins requested the Navy report on
the infrastructure needs of its four shipyards in the Fiscal Year 2012
NDAA.
"The infrastructure of our public naval shipyards is woefully out of
date compared to our other naval facilities," Senator Collins said.
"Accelerating the consolidation and modernization of the shipyard
structural shops is critical to improving the operational efficiency at
Portsmouth Naval Shipyard."
The defense authorization bill also includes funding for many other
investments in Maine, such as $6 billion for Joint Strike Fighter
aircraft procurement. Engine parts of this aircraft are manufactured at
Pratt & Whitney in North Berwick. It would also prohibit the Department
of Defense from initiating another round Base Realignment and Closure,
protecting Maine's military installations, such as Portsmouth Naval
Shipyard from uncertainty.
Importantly, the bill includes many bipartisan provisions authored by
Senator Collins, Senator Claire McCaskill (D-MO), and Congressman Mike
Turner (R-Ohio) and Congresswoman Niki Tsongas (D-MA), to reduce the
instances of sexual assault in the military, improve the Department of
Defense's response to these terrible crimes, and increase the
confidence in the military justice system that survivors need to come
forward when such crimes have taken place. These provisions originated
in two bills introduced by Senator Collins and others known as the
Coast Guard STRONG Act and the Better Enforcement for Sexual Assault
Free Environments (BE SAFE) Act.
Read more details about these provisions and others by clicking here
.
Weekly Column
"Protecting Consumers from Medication Mistakes"
By Senator Susan Collins
Far too many individuals know the frustration of picking up
prescription medication from the pharmacy and being left confused by
the written information that is attached to or enclosed in the
medication's paper bag. This information can be unclear, difficult to
understand, and in a print size that is too small for many people,
particularly seniors, to easily read. Adding to the frustration,
information about the very same medication can also differ
significantly from pharmacy to pharmacy.
This patient information matters. It is critical for patients to know
the risks and benefits associated with a prescription drug; how to take
the medication appropriately and how much to take; what side effects
could occur; when to seek medical attention if certain side effects
occur; and what foods, drinks or other medications should be avoided
when taking that prescription. In addition, this information should be
up-to-date, accurate, clear and easy-to-read.
In an ideal world, all patients would receive extensive counseling
about the risks, benefits and safe administration of their prescription
drugs from their physicians and pharmacists. In the real world,
however, these conversations are often limited and sometimes
non-existent.
Keep reading...
Senator Collins Explains Why Bipartisan Budget Agreement is Step
Forward
"Everywhere I go in Maine, people tell me that they are tired of
partisan gridlock in Washington. They ask why people on both sides of
the aisle can't set aside their partisan differences, come together,
and reach compromises on the many important issues facing our country.
Recently, Congress took an important step forward when it passed a
bipartisan budget agreement for the first time in more than four years.
"This budget agreement is far from perfect. It will, however, help move
our economy forward, create certainty that has been sorely lacking for
far too long, and save some $23 billion over the next decade. The
budget will set priorities for federal spending and revenues. While the
two-year budget agreement worked out between Senator Patty Murray
(D-WA) and Congressman Paul Ryan (R-WI) is not what I would have
written, it is a step in the right direction. It will prevent Congress
from lurching from crisis to crisis, avoid most of the
across-the-board, meat-ax cuts known as sequestration, and will allow
the Appropriations Committee, of which I am a member, to do its job of
developing bills to responsibly fund the government within agreed to
limits.
"Over the last nine months since sequestration went into effect, I have
met with countless Mainers, including shipyard workers, medical
researchers, educators, border patrol agents, small business owners
affected by the delayed opening and shutdown of Acadia National Park,
and non-profit organizations providing services for the low-income and
the elderly. All have shared stories of their personal experiences with
how the indiscriminate cuts of sequestration have affected them, their
families, and those whom they serve. The sequester has had a
detrimental impact on Mainers and our country and is not the right
approach to reducing our enormous debt. The $65 billion in
sequestration relief provided by this agreement will help mitigate the
effect on our economy moving forward and allow Congress to prioritize
those programs that are most effective over those that are wasteful,
duplicative, or simply no longer necessary.
"The agreement will spare the Department of Defense some of the
devastating sequestration cuts that Pentagon officials testified could
cripple military readiness, harm our national security, and affect
thousands of defense-related jobs that are vital to our economy in
Maine and in the United States. It also begins to address the harmful
impact of indiscriminate cuts made to vital programs such as
transportation, education, and biomedical research.
"It is critical that Congress continue to work to bring spending under
control. Our national debt now stands at an almost incomprehensible
$17.2 trillion. This sum, along with rising interest payments, is our
legacy to future generations and simply must be responsibly addressed.
This agreement will save $23 billion over the next ten years and help
prevent government shutdowns over the next two years.
"I am, however, deeply disappointed that this agreement includes a
provision that, unless fixed, could reduce the annual cost of living
increase for some current military retirees. We must honor the service
and sacrifice of the brave men and women who served our country so that
they can continue to have access to the benefits they worked so hard to
earn and that were promised to them. The significant changes to
military retirement included in this budget single out current retirees
and change the rules for them, and that's not fair.
"In 2012, when I was a member of the Armed Services Committee, we
created the Military Retirement and Compensation Modernization
Commission with the precise purpose of comprehensively examining this
issue in a thorough way that protects current retirees and ensures that
the military retirement system is offering the right incentives to
recruit and retain the most qualified and experienced service members
at a time of budget constraints.
"I have raised my concerns with my colleagues about the military
retirement provisions in this agreement and will work to ensure that
this issue is addressed before it is set to take effect in January
2016. I have cosponsored a Senate resolution that states retirees from
the Armed Forces should not unfairly bear the burden of excessive
government spending and that the Senate should seek alternatives to
this provision before it takes effect. The Chairman of the Armed
Services Committee has already committed to reviewing this change at
the start of next year. I intend to do everything I can, in conjunction
with the leadership of the Armed Services Committee, to identify a more
reasonable approach to this problem that would provide the same level
of savings while protecting current retirees.
"The American people are weary of watching a Congress that can't work.
We saw the result of this dysfunction when the government shutdown in
October. That is why I worked so hard to forge a compromise that helped
get Congress functioning again. We simply must avoid another shutdown
and put our nation back on a sound financial footing. In my judgment,
this agreement takes the first steps on a responsible path forward."
Fighting for Maine's Firefighters
Senator Collins, along with Senator Angus King, introduced bipartisan
legislation to help ensure volunteer firefighters and other first
responders can continue protecting the communities that rely on them.
The "Protect Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act" would
amend the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, to make it
clear that volunteer emergency service workers are not required to be
counted as full-time equivalent employees for purposes of healthcare
coverage.
In Maine, there are an estimated 405 fire departments throughout the
state that are either mostly staffed or entirely staffed by volunteers.
Some volunteer firefighters are nominally paid, and most volunteer
first responders have other full-time employment. Many emergency
response agencies do not have the resources to provide pay or benefits
to volunteers, and most volunteer first responders do not expect to
receive compensation or health coverage as a result of their volunteer
public service.
"Maine boasts one of the highest percentages of volunteer and on-call
firefighters in the nation, and these brave men and women play a vital
role in keeping our communities safe each and every day," Senator
Collins said. "It is unacceptable that an undue burden could be placed
on volunteer fire departments across the country, and it is imperative
that this ambiguity in the law be clarified and fixed."
*
*
*
*
Senator Collins, who is co-chair of the Congressional Fire Services
Caucus, received the 2013 "Legislator of the Year Award" from the
Congressional Fire Services Institute (CFSI). CFSI, a nonprofit,
nonpartisan policy institute established in 1989, which seeks to
promote Congress' awareness of the needs of first responders, presented
the award to Senator Collins in the Capitol Building in Washington,
D.C.
(From left to right: Bill Webb, CFSI Executive Director; Senator
Collins; Jim Dalton, CFSI Vice Chair of the National Advisory
Committee; Sean Carroll, CFSI Director of Government Affairs)
"It is our honor to present this award to a member of Congress who has
stood with us for so many years. Senator Collins is a tireless advocate
for firefighters in her home state of Maine and across the entire
nation," said Bill Webb, CFSI's Executive Director. "Her leadership and
commitment to public safety have made a difference on so many issues,
enabling legislation to move through the Senate that has had a direct
benefit on our nation's fire and emergency services."
CFSI said Senator Collins was given this award because of her
legislative efforts to support firefighters, including her support of
the U.S. Fire Administration Reauthorization Act, the Volunteer
Emergency Services Recruitment and Retention Act, the Fire Sprinkler
Incentive Act, and the Volunteer Responder Incentive Protection
Reauthorization Act. In addition, Senator Collins has long been an
advocate of the Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program, which has
provided invaluable funding for Maine fire departments to update their
equipment and improve training and safety.
Strengthening a Vital Jobs Training Program
>From the Bangor Daily News
:
Sen. Susan Collins and another legislator introduced
legislation Friday to address recent management problems that led to a
$60 million budget shortfall earlier this year that threatened the
future of the federal job-training program known as Job Corps.
Collins, R-Maine, and Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., introduced
the Securing Job Corps Centers Act, in what both said was an attempt to
protect the federal training program. Job Corps is an educational and
vocational training program administered by the Department of Labor
that helps at-risk young people ages 16 through 24 by offering them
education and training.
The Securing Job Corps Centers Act would create an advisory
board responsible for working with the Department of Labor, which
oversees the Job Corps program, to develop policy and programmatic
recommendations related to the program's administration. The advisory
panel would provide a series of reports directly to the U.S. secretary
of labor and Congress on budget and financial management protocols,
cost efficiencies and maximizing the number of youth served. The bill
would also require earlier notifications of management decisions at the
Department of Labor that could affect student enrollments.
There are two Job Corps programs in Maine. The Penobscot Job
Corps Academy is located in Bangor and the Loring Job Corps Center is
in Limestone.
[....]
Collins said in a written statement Friday that the Department
of Labor decisions had a terrible impact on the students and staff at
Job Corps programs in Maine.
"It is clear that the Department of Labor has mismanaged this
program, and students suffered the consequences," she said. "There are
two Job Corps centers in Maine that do excellent work to help young
adults become productive members of society. The Penobscot Job Corps
Academy and the Loring Job Corps Center have the capability to serve
nearly 800 at-risk youth on a daily basis. These centers put these
young men and women on a path to earning their high school diploma and
to gaining the necessary skills to enter the workforce or the military
or go on to college."
[....]
"The entire Job Corps community appreciates the tireless
commitment of Senators Collins and McCaskill to work with their
colleagues from both sides of the aisle to ensure Job Corps continues
to educate and train America's next generation of workers and leaders,"
said Aaron Grau, executive director of the National Job Corps
Association. "Job Corps has served more than 3 million youth over the
past 50 years, and strong champions such as Senators Collins and
McCaskill will help protect and strengthen Job Corps for countless more
youth, communities and taxpayers across the country."
Collins pointed out that studies show that 85 percent of Job
Corps graduates obtain a job, enroll in higher education or enlist in
the military.
Working Toward a Better Understanding of Mental Health
Senator Collins had the opportunity to meet with actress, and Maine
resident, Glenn Close, a six-time Academy Award nominee and winner of
three Emmys and two Golden Globes. Glenn Close is one of the founders
of BringChange2Mind, a national campaign to end the stigma and
discrimination surrounding mental illness by removing misconceptions
through widely distributed public education materials.
(Senator Collins with Glenn Close)
Senator Collins is a cosponsor of the "Excellence in Mental Health
Act," which would address our fragmented mental health system by
expanding access to care through America's Community Mental Health
Centers and holding the centers accountable through higher standards.
The bill would establish criteria for Federally Qualified Community
Behavioral Health Centers that cover a broad range of outpatient and
crisis services and would help to better integrate physical and mental
health care. Moreover, these centers would provide support for families
and accept all patients, regardless of their ability to pay. Combined
with a state-administered grant program to support the modernization
and construction of facilities, these centers will help improve access
to quality mental health treatment nationwide. It is estimated that
expanded centers providing more services will be able to treat up to
1.5 million additional people as a consequence of this legislation.
The Senate Finance Committee recently approved a version of the bill
that would establish a pilot program in ten states to strengthen and
improve access to care. "I believe that this is a significant step in
the right direction toward expanding access to mental health care in
the United States," Senator Collins said.
Wreaths Across America
The United States Senate unanimously passed a resolution, introduced by
Senators Collins and Angus King, that designated December 14, 2013 as
"Wreaths Across America Day."
(Arlington National Cemetery)
On that day, a convoy of Mainers arrived at Arlington National Cemetery
to lay approximately 130,000 Maine-made balsam wreaths at the grave
sites of our nation's fallen soldiers and veterans. The Patriot Guard
Riders continued their tradition of escorting tractor-trailers filled
with donated wreaths from Harrington, Maine to Arlington National
Cemetery. This is the 22nd consecutive year that Morrill Worcester,
owner of Worcester Wreath Company in Harrington, made this generous
donation.
"Wreaths Across America has evolved from a desire by Morrill and Karen
Worcester to honor our nation's veterans into a nationwide outpouring
of gratitude to America's heroes and their loved ones. Because of the
generosity of spirit and good will of hundreds of dedicated volunteers
over the past two decades, more than one million wreaths have been
placed with solemn reverence at the base of the tombstones of veterans
in Arlington National Cemetery as well as national and state cemeteries
across the country. Through this Resolution, we humbly extend our
appreciation to each of these patriots and join them in paying homage
to our nation's heroes," said Senators Collins and King in a joint
statement. "In this season of giving, the thoughts of all Americans
turn to those who have given us the most precious gift of all: our
freedom."
(Senator Collins at wreath laying at U.S. Capitol)
In addition to veterans cemeteries, wreaths were also placed at state
houses across the country. Senator Collins attended such a wreath
laying event, led by the Maine State Society, at the U.S. Capitol
Building.
The wreath will remain there through the holidays and is
dedicated to honor and remember our military service members and their
families who are separated during this season. The ceremony was also
attended by Maine's Adjutant General, Brigadier General James Campbell.
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
December
20, 2013
IN
THIS ISSUE
(Click below to jump to story)
Senate Passes Defense
Bill That Benefits Maine's Economy
Senator
Collins Explains Why Bipartisan Budget Agreement is Step Forward
Fighting for
Maine's Firefighters
Strengthening A Vital
Jobs Training Program
Working Toward a Better
Understanding of Mental Health
Wreaths Across America
Senate
Passes Defense Bill that Benefits Maine's Economy
With the strong support of Senator Susan Collins, the U.S. Senate has passed the Fiscal Year 2014
National Defense Authorization Act, which includes several provisions that are important to service members
in Maine and the Maine economy.
The bill authorizes an additional $100 million toward a tenth ship in the DDG-51 multi-year procurement.
The Navy has said that this ship would be built at Bath Iron Works (BIW) provided the upcoming defense
appropriations bill also includes the funding which will help fill a shortfall caused by last year's
sequestration.
"The National Defense Authorization Act, realized through a bipartisan and bicameral effort,
illustrates the importance that Congress places on our nation's shipbuilding programs, which support
the Navy in meeting its essential national security commitments around the globe,"
said Senator
Collins, who is a senior member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense.
"The funding
for the tenth DDG-51 destroyer that will be built right here in Maine by the outstanding men and women
at Bath Iron Works has been authorized, and I will continue to work to see that the money is actually
appropriated."
In addition, the bill includes an important amendment, authored by Senator Collins at the request
of the Navy, that will allow for the settlement of the decades-old A-12 aircraft lawsuit and keep work
going on the third DDG-1000 steel deckhouse, steel hangar, and aft VLS modules being built at BIW. The
settlement allows the Navy to receive $400 million worth of needed military hardware at no cost, including
a $200 million credit for the third DDG-1000 deckhouse that will protect hundreds of jobs at BIW. The
settlement creates a favorable outcome for the Pentagon, the defense industry, and, most important, our
nation's taxpayers.
The bill also authorizes $11.5 million to fund an effort to consolidate the shipyard structural shops
at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery more quickly than previously planned.
The project,
originally slated for fiscal year 2015, was included in the President's budget request this year in conjunction
with the delivery to Congress of a report from the Navy on improving the infrastructure and modernizing
the Navy's four public shipyards. Senators Collins requested the Navy report on the infrastructure needs
of its four shipyards in the Fiscal Year 2012 NDAA.
"The infrastructure of our public naval shipyards is woefully out of date compared to our
other naval facilities,"
Senator Collins said.
"Accelerating the consolidation and modernization
of the shipyard structural shops is critical to improving the operational efficiency at Portsmouth Naval
Shipyard."
The defense authorization bill also includes funding for many other investments in Maine, such as
$6 billion for Joint Strike Fighter aircraft procurement. Engine parts of this aircraft are manufactured
at Pratt &amp; Whitney in North Berwick. It would also prohibit the Department of Defense from initiating
another round Base Realignment and Closure, protecting Maine's military installations, such as Portsmouth
Naval Shipyard from uncertainty.
Importantly, the bill includes many bipartisan provisions authored by Senator Collins, Senator Claire
McCaskill (D-MO), and Congressman Mike Turner (R-Ohio) and Congresswoman Niki Tsongas (D-MA), to reduce
the instances of sexual assault in the military, improve the Department of Defense's response to these
terrible crimes, and increase the confidence in the military justice system that survivors need to come
forward when such crimes have taken place. These provisions originated in two bills introduced by Senator
Collins and others known as the Coast Guard STRONG Act and the Better Enforcement for Sexual Assault
Free Environments (BE SAFE) Act.
Read more details about these provisions and others by
clicking
here .
Weekly
Column
"Protecting
Consumers from Medication Mistakes"
By Senator Susan Collins
Far too many individuals know the frustration of picking up prescription medication from the pharmacy
and being left confused by the written information that is attached to or enclosed in the medication's
paper bag. This information can be unclear, difficult to understand, and in a print size that is too
small for many people, particularly seniors, to easily read. Adding to the frustration, information about
the very same medication can also differ significantly from pharmacy to pharmacy.
This patient information matters. It is critical for patients to know the risks and benefits associated
with a prescription drug; how to take the medication appropriately and how much to take; what side effects
could occur; when to seek medical attention if certain side effects occur; and what foods, drinks or
other medications should be avoided when taking that prescription. In addition, this information should
be up-to-date, accurate, clear and easy-to-read.
In an ideal world, all patients would receive extensive counseling about the risks, benefits and
safe administration of their prescription drugs from their physicians and pharmacists. In the real world,
however, these conversations are often limited and sometimes non-existent.
Keep
reading...
Senator
Collins Explains Why Bipartisan Budget Agreement
is Step Forward
&#8220;Everywhere I go in Maine, people tell me that they are tired of partisan gridlock in Washington.
They ask why people on both sides of the aisle can&#8217;t set aside their partisan differences, come
together, and reach compromises on the many important issues facing our country. Recently, Congress took
an important step forward when it passed a bipartisan budget agreement for the first time in more than
four years.
&#8220;This budget agreement is far from perfect. It will, however, help move our economy forward,
create certainty that has been sorely lacking for far too long, and save some $23 billion over the next
decade. The budget will set priorities for federal spending and revenues. While the two-year budget agreement
worked out between Senator Patty Murray (D-WA) and Congressman Paul Ryan (R-WI) is not what I would have
written, it is a step in the right direction. It will prevent Congress from lurching from crisis to crisis,
avoid most of the across-the-board, meat-ax cuts known as sequestration, and will allow the Appropriations
Committee, of which I am a member, to do its job of developing bills to responsibly fund the government
within agreed to limits.
&#8220;Over the last nine months since sequestration went into effect, I have met with countless
Mainers, including shipyard workers, medical researchers, educators, border patrol agents, small business
owners affected by the delayed opening and shutdown of Acadia National Park, and non-profit organizations
providing services for the low-income and the elderly. All have shared stories of their personal experiences
with how the indiscriminate cuts of sequestration have affected them, their families, and those whom
they serve. The sequester has had a detrimental impact on Mainers and our country and is not the right
approach to reducing our enormous debt. The $65 billion in sequestration relief provided by this agreement
will help mitigate the effect on our economy moving forward and allow Congress to prioritize those programs
that are most effective over those that are wasteful, duplicative, or simply no longer necessary.
&#8220;The agreement will spare the Department of Defense some of the devastating sequestration cuts
that Pentagon officials testified could cripple military readiness, harm our national security, and affect
thousands of defense-related jobs that are vital to our economy in Maine and in the United States. It
also begins to address the harmful impact of indiscriminate cuts made to vital programs such as transportation,
education, and biomedical research.
&#8220;It is critical that Congress continue to work to bring spending under control. Our national
debt now stands at an almost incomprehensible $17.2 trillion. This sum, along with rising interest payments,
is our legacy to future generations and simply must be responsibly addressed. This agreement will save
$23 billion over the next ten years and help prevent government shutdowns over the next two years.
&#8220;I am, however, deeply disappointed that this agreement includes a provision that, unless fixed,
could reduce the annual cost of living increase for some current military retirees. We must honor the
service and sacrifice of the brave men and women who served our country so that they can continue to
have access to the benefits they worked so hard to earn and that were promised to them. The significant
changes to military retirement included in this budget single out current retirees and change the rules
for them, and that&#8217;s not fair.
&#8220;In 2012, when I was a member of the Armed Services Committee, we created the Military Retirement
and Compensation Modernization Commission with the precise purpose of comprehensively examining this
issue in a thorough way that protects current retirees and ensures that the military retirement system
is offering the right incentives to recruit and retain the most qualified and experienced service members
at a time of budget constraints.
&#8220;I have raised my concerns with my colleagues about the military retirement provisions in this
agreement and will work to ensure that this issue is addressed before it is set to take effect in January
2016. I have cosponsored a Senate resolution that states retirees from the Armed Forces should not unfairly
bear the burden of excessive government spending and that the Senate should seek alternatives to this
provision before it takes effect. The Chairman of the Armed Services Committee has already committed
to reviewing this change at the start of next year. I intend to do everything I can, in conjunction with
the leadership of the Armed Services Committee, to identify a more reasonable approach to this problem
that would provide the same level of savings while protecting current retirees.
&#8220;The American people are weary of watching a Congress that can't work. We saw the result of
this dysfunction when the government shutdown in October. That is why I worked so hard to forge a compromise
that helped get Congress functioning again. We simply must avoid another shutdown and put our nation
back on a sound financial footing. In my judgment, this agreement takes the first steps on a responsible
path forward.&#8221;
Fighting
for Maine's Firefighters
Senator Collins, along with Senator Angus King, introduced bipartisan legislation to help ensure
volunteer firefighters and other first responders can continue protecting the communities that rely on
them. The "Protect Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act" would amend the Affordable Care
Act, also known as Obamacare, to make it clear that volunteer emergency service workers are not required
to be counted as full-time equivalent employees for purposes of healthcare coverage.
In Maine, there are an estimated 405 fire departments throughout the state that are either mostly
staffed or entirely staffed by volunteers. Some volunteer firefighters are nominally paid, and most volunteer
first responders have other full-time employment. Many emergency response agencies do not have the resources
to provide pay or benefits to volunteers, and most volunteer first responders do not expect to receive
compensation or health coverage as a result of their volunteer public service.
&#8220;Maine boasts one of the highest percentages of volunteer and on-call firefighters in the nation,
and these brave men and women play a vital role in keeping our communities safe each and every day,&#8221;
Senator Collins said. &#8220;It is unacceptable that an undue burden could be placed on volunteer fire
departments across the country, and it is imperative that this ambiguity in the law be clarified and
fixed.&#8221;
*
*
*
*
Senator Collins, who is co-chair of the Congressional Fire Services Caucus, received the 2013 "Legislator
of the Year Award" from the Congressional Fire Services Institute (CFSI). CFSI, a nonprofit, nonpartisan
policy institute established in 1989, which seeks to promote Congress' awareness of the needs of first
responders, presented the award to Senator Collins in the Capitol Building in Washington, D.C.
(From left to right: Bill Webb, CFSI Executive Director; Senator Collins; Jim
Dalton, CFSI Vice Chair of the National Advisory Committee; Sean Carroll, CFSI Director of Government
Affairs)
"It is our honor to present this award to a member of Congress who has stood with us for so many
years. Senator Collins is a tireless advocate for firefighters in her home state of Maine and across
the entire nation," said Bill Webb, CFSI's Executive Director. "Her leadership and commitment to public
safety have made a difference on so many issues, enabling legislation to move through the Senate that
has had a direct benefit on our nation's fire and emergency services."
CFSI said Senator Collins was given this award because of her legislative efforts to support firefighters,
including her support of the U.S. Fire Administration Reauthorization Act, the Volunteer Emergency Services
Recruitment and Retention Act, the Fire Sprinkler Incentive Act, and the Volunteer Responder Incentive
Protection Reauthorization Act. In addition, Senator Collins has long been an advocate of the Assistance
to Firefighters Grant Program, which has provided invaluable funding for Maine fire departments to update
their equipment and improve training and safety.
Strengthening
a Vital Jobs Training Program
From the
Bangor
Daily News :
Sen. Susan Collins and another legislator introduced legislation Friday to address recent management
problems that led to a $60 million budget shortfall earlier this year that threatened the future of the
federal job-training program known as Job Corps.
Collins, R-Maine, and Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., introduced the Securing Job Corps Centers Act,
in what both said was an attempt to protect the federal training program. Job Corps is an educational
and vocational training program administered by the Department of Labor that helps at-risk young people
ages 16 through 24 by offering them education and training.
The Securing Job Corps Centers Act would create an advisory board responsible for working with the
Department of Labor, which oversees the Job Corps program, to develop policy and programmatic recommendations
related to the program&#8217;s administration. The advisory panel would provide a series of reports directly
to the U.S. secretary of labor and Congress on budget and financial management protocols, cost efficiencies
and maximizing the number of youth served. The bill would also require earlier notifications of management
decisions at the Department of Labor that could affect student enrollments.
There are two Job Corps programs in Maine. The Penobscot Job Corps Academy is located in Bangor and
the Loring Job Corps Center is in Limestone.
[....]
Collins said in a written statement Friday that the Department of Labor decisions had a terrible
impact on the students and staff at Job Corps programs in Maine.
&#8220;It is clear that the Department of Labor has mismanaged this program, and students suffered
the consequences,&#8221; she said. &#8220;There are two Job Corps centers in Maine that do excellent
work to help young adults become productive members of society. The Penobscot Job Corps Academy and the
Loring Job Corps Center have the capability to serve nearly 800 at-risk youth on a daily basis. These
centers put these young men and women on a path to earning their high school diploma and to gaining the
necessary skills to enter the workforce or the military or go on to college.&#8221;
[....]
&#8220;The entire Job Corps community appreciates the tireless commitment of Senators Collins and
McCaskill to work with their colleagues from both sides of the aisle to ensure Job Corps continues to
educate and train America&#8217;s next generation of workers and leaders,&#8221; said Aaron Grau, executive
director of the National Job Corps Association. &#8220;Job Corps has served more than 3 million youth
over the past 50 years, and strong champions such as Senators Collins and McCaskill will help protect
and strengthen Job Corps for countless more youth, communities and taxpayers across the country.&#8221;
Collins pointed out that studies show that 85 percent of Job Corps graduates obtain a job, enroll
in higher education or enlist in the military.
Working
Toward a Better Understanding of Mental Health
Senator Collins had the opportunity to meet with actress, and Maine resident, Glenn Close, a
six-time Academy Award nominee and winner of three Emmys and two Golden Globes. Glenn Close is one of
the founders of
BringChange2Mind , a national campaign to end the stigma and discrimination surrounding
mental illness by removing misconceptions through widely distributed public education materials.
(Senator
Collins with Glenn Close)
Senator Collins is a cosponsor of the &#8220;Excellence in Mental Health Act," which would address
our fragmented mental health system by expanding access to care through America's Community Mental Health
Centers and holding the centers accountable through higher standards. The bill would establish criteria
for Federally Qualified Community Behavioral Health Centers that cover a broad range of outpatient and
crisis services and would help to better integrate physical and mental health care. Moreover, these centers
would provide support for families and accept all patients, regardless of their ability to pay. Combined
with a state-administered grant program to support the modernization and construction of facilities,
these centers will help improve access to quality mental health treatment nationwide. It is estimated
that expanded centers providing more services will be able to treat up to 1.5 million additional people
as a consequence of this legislation.
The Senate Finance Committee recently approved a version of the bill that would establish a pilot
program in ten states to strengthen and improve access to care. &#8220;I believe that this is a significant
step in the right direction toward expanding access to mental health care in the United States,&#8221;
Senator Collins said.
Wreaths
Across America
The United States Senate unanimously passed a resolution, introduced by Senators Collins and Angus
King, that designated December 14, 2013 as &#8220;Wreaths Across America Day.&#8221;
(Arlington National Cemetery)
On that day, a convoy of Mainers arrived at Arlington National Cemetery to lay approximately 130,000
Maine-made balsam wreaths at the grave sites of our nation's fallen soldiers and veterans. The Patriot
Guard Riders continued their tradition of escorting tractor-trailers filled with donated wreaths from
Harrington, Maine to Arlington National Cemetery. This is the 22nd consecutive year that Morrill Worcester,
owner of Worcester Wreath Company in Harrington, made this generous donation.
"Wreaths Across America has evolved from a desire by Morrill and Karen Worcester to honor our nation's
veterans into a nationwide outpouring of gratitude to America's heroes and their loved ones. Because
of the generosity of spirit and good will of hundreds of dedicated volunteers over the past two decades,
more than one million wreaths have been placed with solemn reverence at the base of the tombstones of
veterans in Arlington National Cemetery as well as national and state cemeteries across the country.
Through this Resolution, we humbly extend our appreciation to each of these patriots and join them in
paying homage to our nation's heroes,"
said Senators Collins and King in a joint statement.
"In this season of giving, the thoughts of all Americans turn to those who have given us the most precious
gift of all: our freedom."
(Senator Collins at wreath laying at U.S. Capitol)
In addition to veterans cemeteries, wreaths were also placed at state houses across the country.
Senator Collins attended such a wreath laying event, led by the Maine State Society, at the U.S.
Capitol Building.
The wreath will remain there through the holidays and is dedicated to honor and
remember our military service members and their families who are separated during this season. The ceremony
was also attended by Maine's Adjutant General, Brigadier General James Campbell.
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
