
Thank you for subscribing to my e-newsletter. I'm pleased to provide this e-newsletter as an additional way for me to keep in touch with Central Washington residents. I hope you find it informative and I encourage you to forward it to any co-workers or friends who might be interested in
signing up themselves
to receive periodic updates in the future.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. If I can ever be of any assistance to you, please contact my office at (509) 543-9396 or visit my website at
www.hastings.house.gov . You can also like me on
Facebook
and follow me on
Twitter .
Sincerely,
TOP NEWS
Hastings Invites Public to Attend Committee Field Hearing in Pasco on the Columbia River Treaty
Tomorrow, December 9th, Chairman Hastings will host the full House Committee on Natural Resources in Pasco for an
oversight field hearing
on the Columbia River Treaty. At the hearing, the Committee will hear from the Bonneville Power Administration, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, public power representatives, and local stakeholders on the upcoming renegotiation of the Columbia River Treaty with Canada and the U.S. Entitys draft recommendations regarding potential modifications.
The Columbia River plays a vital role in our regions economy
providing low-cost hydropower, irrigation, and navigation. As the U.S. works through the future of the Columbia River Treaty with Canada, its important that the treaty remains focused on the core functions of coordinated power generation and flood control. I have expressed concerns with the draft recommendations of the U.S. Entity, and look forward to this opportunity to hear directly from impacted local and regional stakeholders,
said Chairman Hastings. The hearing will be held on Monday, December 9th at 9:30 AM in the Pasco City Council Chambers. The public is invited to attend and the hearing will also be webcast live on the
Committees website .
Another House GOP Jobs Bill Ready for Senate Action
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act of 2010 imposed new registration and reporting requirements on hedge funds and private equity firms. As a result, advisers to private funds must maintain records and file reports with the SEC, which creates unnecessary and costly burdens to small businesses. Last week, the House passed with bipartisan support the
Small Business Capital Access and Job Preservation Act
(H.R. 1105). To assist our nations job creators, this bill exempts private equity fund advisers from unnecessary and costly SEC requirements. This legislation would boost our economy by cutting through the red tape that is holding back small business investment and making it harder to create jobs. House Republicans are listening to the hardworking American people. This year, the House has passed 150 bills
many aimed at creating jobs and helping our economy grow. Unfortunately, the Senate has failed to act on these bills.
Hastings Cosponsors Bill to Protect Hourly Workers From Burdensome Obamacare Mandates
Last week, Hastings cosponsored the
Save American Workers Act
(H.R. 2575), a bill that would repeal the 30-hour definition of full-time employment in Obamacare and restores the traditional 40-hour definition. A provision within the Obamacare law mandates a new definition of a full-time employee as working 30 hours per week, instead of the universally accepted 40 hours. As a result, employers are now required to provide healthcare for employees who, prior to passage of the law, were considered part-time. This change has forced some employers who cannot afford healthcare for their part-time employees to reduce hours even further, forgo hiring new employees, or even let go of existing employees. The legislation not only protects hourly workers and middle class employees, it also ensures that laws governing employment are consistent.
Hastings Welcomes Tree From the Evergreen State to the United States Capitol
Representing the State of Washington, and serving as Chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee, Hastings had the honor to speak at the annual
U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree lighting ceremony
held last Tuesday. This years Capitol Christmas Tree is a stunning 88-foot tall Engelmann Spruce from the Colville National Forest in Washington.
This beautiful tree perfectly reflects the people and spirit of our great State of Washington. Its a state where people look out for their neighbors, where communities come together, and where we appreciate and admire the great outdoors,
said Hastings at the ceremony. Speaker of the House John Boehner asked Giovanni Gaynor, a first-grader from Colville, to push the button to light the tree. The
Capitol Christmas Tree
will be lit each night until January 1, 2014.
Congressman Hastings speaking at the Christmas tree lighting ceremony in front of the U.S. Capitol Building. This year's tree is an 88-foot tall Engelmann Spruce from Colville National Forest
WEEKLY MESSAGE
December 6, 2013
Spreading Christmas Cheer From One Washington
to the Other
November 29, 2013
How May I Assist You?
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
House committee plans Pasco hearing on
Columbia River Treaty
Tri-City Herald
House committee to address treaty concerns
Capital Press
Farmers get chance for more input on produce rules
Capital Press
Wapato High tour shows U.S. Rep. Hastings federal funds at work
Yakima Herald Republic
Video: The Capitol Dome's 150th anniversary
60 Minutes
CONNECT WITH DOC
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
RSS
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1203 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-5816 | Fax: (202) 225-3251
TRI-CITIES OFFICE
2715 St. Andrews Loop, Suite D
Pasco, WA 99301
(509) 543-9396 | Fax: (509) 545-1972
YAKIMA OFFICE
402 E. Yakima Avenue, Suite 760
Yakima, WA 98901
(509) 452-3243 | Fax: (509) 452-3438
Click Here Click Here