
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
January 10, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
The Week Just Passed: Time for the Senate to Act on
Jobs
IRS Agrees with Rodney on Volunteer Emergency
Responders
New Watchdog Report Adds to Health
Laws Security Concerns
House Passes
Common-Sense Health Exchange Security
Measure
Disappointing: President Missing Another Budget
Deadline
The Costs of U.S.
Retreat
How Al Qaeda Terrorized Its Way Back in
Iraq
Former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates new
book
The Week Just Passed: Time for the Senate
to Act on Jobs
Congress returned to the
headlines this week with debates over a suggested hike in the minimum wage and
an extension of long-term unemployment benefits.
While these
discussions are important on some level, they miss the larger issue we
should be discussing: Congress and the President should be working
fulltime on restoring a healthy economy that encourages businesses
large
and small
to hire.
Heres why: while the official
unemployment rate has been dropping in recent months, there is another
important measurement that remains disturbingly
negative.
The labor-force participation rate includes all Americans 16 or older
who either have a job or have actively sought one in the past four
weeks. Those who have not pursued work in the past four weeks are no
longer counted as 'unemployed'
they just disappear from the governments
job numbers.
Today, the labor-force participation rate is
near its lowest point since the Jimmy Carter Administration 35 years
ago, and has been in steady decline since the recent recession began a
few years back.
As of today, the percentage of people
working or actively seeking a job is only 63 percent.
In human
terms, there are now 91.5 million Americans who are not in the labor
force.
Yes, some of this drop-off can be explained by retirements of
baby-boomers and other factors.
But frustration in the job
market
people who want jobs but have given up looking - is clearly
playing a major role.
Stagnant job growth,
business-choking regulations and skyrocketing health care costs are not what
hardworking Americans deserve.
As we start this New Year, the
President, the House and the Senate should be focusing on solutions to put
people back to work and spur economic growth.
Weve passed
dozens of bills in the House that continue to await action in the Senate
that would help improve the hiring climate and stimulate higher wages
and job creation.
Its time for the Senate to do their job so
Americans can have a job!
Rodney Frelinghuysen
IRS Agrees
with Rodney on Volunteer Emergency Responders
The
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has informed Rodney that the service
hours of bona fide volunteer firefighters and other emergency
personnel will not be counted under the Presidents new healthcare law, the
Affordable Care Act (ACA).
Rodney received a letter today from
Alastair Fitzpayne, the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for
Legislative Affairs, who wrote, the forthcoming final regulations generally
will not require volunteer hours of bona fide volunteer firefighters
and volunteer emergency medical personnel at government entities or tax
exempt organizations to be counted when determining an employers
full-time employees
I welcome the news that pending IRS
regulations will apparently not force volunteer fire departments, first
aid squads and EMS organizations to provide health insurance coverage
for their volunteer members, Rodney said.
This is a huge win for
our first responder organizations, these dedicated individual
volunteers and for the taxpayers!
Under the legislative
requirements of the ACA, fire departments and emergency squads feared that they
would have to provide health insurance for volunteers working more
than 30 hours a week. The ACA stipulates that the employer mandate
must apply to organizations that have at least 50 employees, which can
include multiple fire houses within one community.
In
December, Frelinghuysen wrote to Acting Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
Commissioner Danny Werfel, I am deeply concerned that subjecting fire
departments and municipalities to this provision will result in
services being reduced or eliminated. He followed up this week with a
letter to the new Commissioner of the IRS, John
Koskinen.
Assistant Secretary Fitzpayne indicated that the final federal
regulations in this area should be issued very shortly and that these
regulations should provide timely guidance for the volunteer emergency
responder community.
New Watchdog Report Adds to
Health Laws Security Concerns
A new report from the
Health and Human Services (HHS) Inspector General underscores the
reality of security concerns surrounding the health laws exchanges.
Marketwatch
reports: The Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services arent taking enough precautions to ferret
out fraud in electronic health record use as medical providers continue
to migrate from conventional paper documents.
The inspector general
further reported that CMS needs to guide contractors on detecting
electronic records fraud and it should have contractors use audit
logs.
The House Energy and Commerce Committees ongoing
investigation into the new health laws balky rollout has raised serious
concerns regarding the security of the exchanges. Because the exchanges were
not fully built prior to October 1 (and are still incomplete today),
open enrollment began before HHS conducted a full Security Control
Assessment. This lack of complete security testing led to a memo
written to CMS Administrator Marilyn Tavenner explaining, From a
security perspective, the aspects of the system that were not tested due to
the ongoing development, exposed a level of uncertainty that can be
deemed as a high risk
Read more about the Energy and
Commerce Committees investigation
here .
House Passes Common-Sense Health Exchange Security
Measure
In response to the security high risk posed by
healthcare.gov, the House this morning approved legislation designed to
protect consumers.
H.R. 3811, the Health Exchange Security and
Transparency Act,would require HHS to notify Americans within two business
days if any of their personally identifiable information has been
compromised on the exchanges.
With respect to security, the
Presidents healthcare.gov website can be considered slip-shod, at best,
and risky, at worst, Rodney said.
Americans
deserve to know if and when a new health care exchange has put their
personal information at risk.
The Administration has said it will
notify individuals in case of a breach. However, this legislation
requires notification by law if an individuals personally identifiable
information is compromised.
Disappointing: President
Missing Another Budget Deadline
President Obama
declared in a November radio address, budgets expose what our
priorities are as a country for all to see.
Once again this
year, the budget will be difficult for all to see on time.
The
White House indicated this week that its annual budget, required to be
submitted to Congress no later than the first Monday in February,
will be weeks late.
With this years potential failure, five
of the Obama Administrations last six budgets will have been submitted
late, including last years FY2014 proposal which was sent to
Congress 65 days late.
Recommended Reading: Americans want to
forget about Iraq and Syria, especially since President Obama walked back
from his bombing threat in September, but Syria and Iraq haven't
forgotten America. The contagion from Syria's civil war is spilling across
borders in ways that are already requiring U.S. involvement and may
eventually cost American lives. Read the editorial in the Monday
Wall Street Journal , The Costs of U.S.
Retreat, Al Qaeda revives in Iraq and Syria's contagion spreads to
Lebanon
here .
Recommended
Reading:
Max Boot,
writing
in the Monday
Wall Street Journal,
How Al Qaeda
Terrorized Its Way Back in Iraq.
Noted : Former
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates new book, Duty: Memorirs of a
Secretary at War received Page 1 coverage in the
Washington
Post
and
Wall Street
Journal .
But it was buried in the back pages of the
New York Times .
What does that tell
us?
Washington
Post:
Robert Gates, former defense secretary, offers harsh
critique of Obamas leadership in Duty by Bob
Woodward.
Wall Street
Journal : The Quiet Fury of Robert Gates. Bush and Obama's secretary of
defense had to wage war in Iraq, Afghanistanand today's
Washington.
Excerpts by Robert Gates.
New York Times :
Thom Shanker wrote,
Bipartisan Critic Turns His Gaze Toward Obama
Contact Information
WASHINGTON,
D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30
Schuyler Place, Second Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973)
984-0711
Update
My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
