DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
View Browser Version
With 2013 coming to an end, I wanted to update you on some of the work I undertook in Congress this year. Despite the gridlock in Washington, I am grateful for the opportunity to serve South Florida and hopeful that we can advance more of the American people's top priorities in 2014. I wish you and your family the happiest of holiday seasons and a healthy New Year.
- Congressman Ted Deutch
Rep. Ted Deutch Leads Call to Improve Mental Health Care
Rep. Ted Deutch was one of the first voices in Congress to call on the Obama Administration to make mental health care a priority in the wake of the horrific shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown, Connecticut. In January, Rep. Ted Deutch sent a letter to Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius urging for the adoption of parity rules that require insurance companies to cover mental health services the same way they do other medical care. Shortly thereafter, President Obama announced the inclusion of mental health parity in his comprehensive gun violence reduction plan, and in November, these vital rules were finally adopted.
In addition to implementing equal coverage for mental health care, the Affordable Care Act also requires that insurance companies include mental health and substance abuse services as essential benefits. And, because of the law, starting in 2014 insurers will not be able to deny coverage or charge individuals more due to pre-existing conditions, including mental illnesses.
"If there is even a chance that expanded access to mental health care could prevent tragedies like Newtown, then we must ensure these services are available and affordable to all Americans," said Rep. Deutch.
Fighting Hunger in our Community
Video: Rep. Deutch speaks out against SNAP cuts
At a time when many officials in Washington have pushed for unprecedented cuts to federal
anti-hunger programs, Rep. Ted Deutch has focused on strengthening efforts to fight hunger in our communities.
In Washington, Rep. Ted Deutch introduced the Food Security Improvement Act of 2013, legislation that would improve benefits under the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) so that families can rely less on processed foods that contribute to obesity-related diseases and more on fruits, vegetables, and proteins needed to sustain a healthy diet.
At home in South Florida, Rep. Deutch arranged two screenings of the acclaimed film "A Place at the Table," which documents the lives of Americans who struggle with hunger on a daily basis. Following the film, he hosted a panel of experts from Florida Impact, the Boys and Girls Club of Broward County, the Palm Beach County Food Pantry, and other groups to discuss hunger issues.
Click here
to read an article in the South Florida Sun Sentinel about Rep. Deutch's work to protect federal anti-hunger programs.
Deutch Keeps Focus on Preventing a Nuclear-Armed Iran
Video:
Rep. Deutch questions Secretary Kerry on the Iranian nuclear weapons program.
In his new role as Ranking Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee's Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, Rep. Ted Deutch has continued his work aimed at preventing a nuclear-armed Iran. During a recent hearing with Secretary of State John Kerry, Rep. Ted Deutch raised his concerns over the interim-agreement struck with Iran and argued that any final agreement must definitely and verifiably end Iran's nuclear weapons program.
"Before any final deal can be reached, Iran must come clean about its entire nuclear program once and for all," said Deutch. "This means addressing all outstanding claims by the IAEA of possible military aspects, dismantling the Arak reactor, halting centrifuge manufacturing, and granting inspectors full access to Parchin and all other sites."
Rep. Ted Deutch and Senator Bernie Sanders Introduce the Democracy is for People Amendment
Congressman Ted Deutch and Senator Bernie Sanders teamed up this year to introduce a joint resolution calling for a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United v. FEC and empower Americans to limit the influence of big money in our elections. More than 66 members of the 113th Congress have cosponsored the Democracy is for People Amendment, which bars corporations from spending general treasury funds in elections and enshrining in our Constitution the right of the American people to pass laws that limit the corrupting influence of private wealth in our elections and ensuring that elected officials are accountable to voters.
Click here to learn more about the Democracy is for People Amendment.
Deutch Pushes for Immigration Reforms that Promote Economic Growth and Fiscal Responsibility
One of our nation's important economic priorities blocked by House Republican leaders this year has been commonsense immigration reform. After the United States Senate passed comprehensive immigration reform in June with strong bipartisan support, Rep. Ted Deutch has urged Speaker John Boehner to allow the House to vote on H.R. 15, the Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office projects that this legislation would boost GDP growth by more than $830 billion in the next decade while driving wages higher for all workers in the United States.
"Today, 11 million undocumented workers are earning less than they should be, paying less in taxes than they should be, and contributing less to the U.S. economy than they could be," said Rep. Deutch. "H.R. 15 is built on ideas with strong bipartisan support, including the toughest border security requirements in our history, new penalties for employers who hire undocumented workers, and a nearly decade-long process for hardworking immigrants to pursue their dream of American citizenship."
Rep. Deutch is also working to end a giveaway in our immigration system that wastes taxpayer dollars and fails to make our nation safer. He has gained national attention for his effort to stop Congress from spending $2 billion a year on a mandate that 34,000 immigrants be held in private detention facilities each and every day - even if they pose no threat to public safety.
Click here to read a Palm Beach Post story on Rep. Deutch's efforts to end the detention bed mandate.
Promoting Affordable Health Care in Florida
Helping families take advantage of the new health care law is a top priority for Rep. Ted Deutch. Now that www.HealthCare.gov is running smoothly, Floridians previously unable to afford coverage or denied due to a pre-existing condition may choose a plan during the open enrollment period that lasts until March 31, 2014. More than 1.7 million consumers in Florida will also qualify for tax credits that will lower the cost of their monthly premiums, according to Families USA.
However, the Affordable Care Act does more than give uninsured Americans access to coverage. It also helps Americans feel more secure in the coverage they already have. According to the Department of Health and Human Services, millions of Floridians have already benefited from these new consumer protections:
3.7 million privately-insured Floridians have received preventative services, like mammograms and immunizations, free of charge.
More than 7.8 million Floridians with pre-existing conditions, such as asthma, cancer or diabetes may no longer be denied coverage based on their medical history.
4.2 million Floridians have gained expanded mental health and substance abuse coverage from their insurer.
224,000 young adults have gained health insurance because they can now stay on their parents health plans until age 26.
Despite this progress, Rep. Ted Deutch remains gravely concerned about Florida's failure to expand eligibility for Medicaid to nearly a million low-income workers. The Florida Center for Fiscal and Economic Policy estimates that by refusing to expand Medicaid, Florida taxpayers will lose more than $20 billion in federal funds by 2023.
"No family should face financial ruin just because a loved one gets sick," said Rep. Deutch. "Unfortunately, Governor Rick Scott and state legislators are content to let nearly a million low-income workers who whose jobs do not have health benefits remain uninsured. There is strong support for Medicaid expansion from Florida hospitals, schools, businesses, mental health providers, and nonprofit community, and it is time for state leaders to get on board."
Rep. Deutch Helps Protect Social Security from Cuts
Throughout 2013, Rep. Ted Deutch has worked relentlessly to keep cuts to Social Security off the chopping block in Washington and instead make the case for strengthening the program. Earlier this year, he joined Senator Mark Begich of Alaska to introduce the Protecting and Preserving Social Security Act. This bill ensures that high-earners like Members of Congress and CEO's contribute to Social Security at the same rate most Americans do. In addition to extending solvency, the bill also fixes Social Security's broken cost-of-living adjustment formula and ensures that retirees' benefits do not lose their value overtime.
Rep. Deutch detailed his opposition to Social Security cuts in a recent opinion piece published by the South Florida Sun Sentinel. "The median retirement account balance of all working households over 55 is just $12,000," he wrote. "Social Security is the only thing most Americans can count on to keep them out of poverty during retirement. In times like these, you would think leaders in Washington would rally behind the one pillar of retirement security left standing in America. Unfortunately, lawmakers seem more intent on chipping away at Social Security than strengthening it."
Click here to read the entire op-ed.
Want monthly updates from your Congressman?
Subscribe to the Deutch Dispatch by clicking here.
You are receiving this email from Congressman Ted Deutch of Florida's 21st District.
Click Here Click Here