
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
December 13, 2013
Dear Friend,
Yesterday the House passed a budget agreement
which makes permanent changes to mandatory spending programs, taking a
step in the right direction towards long-term budgetary reform that
will end our out-of-control spending and bring fiscal stability to
Washington. I supported the agreement because it makes common sense reforms
and replaces the indiscriminate cuts put in place by the Presidents
sequester plan in the 2011 Budget Control Act. I believe we must rein
in our out-of-control spending, which is why Ive voted for budgets
that balance every year Ive served in Congress.
We also
passed a one-month extension to the farm bill last night. The short-term
extension is a temporary solution as we work towards having a full
5-year farm bill signed into law. It gives certainty to families across
the country whose household budgets rely on stable prices at the
grocery store and to farmers who depend on the safety net this legislation
provides. I continue to work along with the rest of the Conference
Committee to find common ground with counterparts in the Senate and on
the other side of the aisle, and I look forward to seeing our final
agreement finished early next year.
Today marks the
377 th
birthday of the National Guard. Our guard members function as
citizen soldiers standing ready to defend our nation whenever the call
may come, and I am especially thankful today for their service. This
week we passed key defense legislation, the National Defense
Authorization Act, which provides the resources the National Guard and the
other branches of our military need to keep our country
safe.
On Wednesday, we passed a bill I co-sponsored shortly after its
introduction in May called the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act.
This legislation would prioritize funding for pediatric research in the
hopes of helping children with autism, cancer and other diseases. As a
father, I was inspired by Gabriellas story. She is one of too many
children who have battled life-threatening illnesses, and she passed
away about a month ago. You can see more of her story
here .
I met with representatives from Congregations
Building Community in Modesto to discuss my support for securing our
borders and for implementing real and effective immigration reform to
improve our economy, aid in job creation and unite families nationwide. I
will continue to work to find a fix for our broken
system.
I enjoyed meeting with
representatives of Congregations Building
Community.
On Thursday, I met with two members of the
San Joaquin Regional Rail Commission. Chairman Johnson and Executive
Director Mortensen gave me an update on their work with ACE, and I
shared my priorities as we move towards passing a Passenger Rail Investment
and Improvement Act (or PRIIA) next year.
As your
representative in Congress, each year I have the privilege of nominating a
limited number of people to four of the five military service
academies. I got on the phone today to personally congratulate the students I
nominated in 2013. Its an honor to share such good news. For more
information about the military academy nomination process, please
visit my website
here .
This call was for Alex, a Turlock
student at Pitman High School who I nominated to the Air Force
Academy.
My
Twitter
and
Facebook
pages are great
ways to stay updated on what Im doing in the Central Valley and in
D.C. You can also visit my
website
and contact
me there with your questions and concerns.
JEFF
DENHAM
Do you support the budget agreement the House passed
this week?
Yes No Do you support replacing the
across-the-board sequester cuts with targeted reductions in spending?
Yes No Would you support a balanced budget amendment to
require the House and Senate to pass budgets that spend no more than they
take in each year?
Yes No *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you
are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington,
DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite
202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
