
Dear David,
Before the December holiday season gets into full swing, and as Congress returns for its last work period of the year, I wanted to provide you with a quick update on our recent efforts to strengthen Virginia&rsquo;s economic recovery and improve Washington&rsquo;s fiscal accountability to taxpayers.
*AIMING FOR A BUDGET DEAL:
As a member of the Senate Budget Committee, I&rsquo;m part of a bipartisan group of lawmakers that&rsquo;s working to meet an end-of-the-year deadline for a
budget compromise
between the House and Senate.
I am disappointed there currently appears to be little political appetite for a &ldquo;grand bargain&rdquo; to address our debt and deficits in a really substantial way, which is something I&rsquo;ve worked more than two years to achieve through our bipartisan
Gang of Six . However, it now appears likely that our conference committee will find common ground on a plan that funds the government for the next two years, while also limiting the threat of another round of across-the-board sequester cuts. This will be good news for Virginia, which is home to many military facilities and thousands of federal workers. It&rsquo;s also a positive development for a Congress that routinely has avoided the tough choices, funding the government instead through a series of short-term deals.
*INVESTING IN ROADS &amp; PORTS:
In a town too often polarized by partisan politics, I was pleased to organize and lead a bipartisan group of 10 Senators &ndash; five Republicans and five Democrats -- in introducing commonsense legislation that will strengthen America&rsquo;s investments in our outdated roads, bridges, ports, energy grid and broadband networks.
Our
BRIDGE Act
creates a smart, targeted new tool to help states forge stronger partnerships to make overdue investments in our infrastructure. The BRIDGE Act does not add a penny to the deficit, and it&rsquo;s designed to quickly become self-financing.
*FIXING
HealthCare.gov :
Like many of you, I was extremely disappointed in the bungled launch of the HealthCare.gov website.
This online marketplace is a key piece of The Affordable Care Act, and I&rsquo;ve joined several Senate colleagues in demanding a nonpartisan GAO review of just how the botched rollout occurred. I&rsquo;ve also asked the Administration to
appoint a proven, hands-on CEO
to be responsible &ndash; and accountable &ndash; for continued improvements to the HealthCare.gov exchange.
In addition, I successfully worked with
Virginia insurance regulators
to make it absolutely clear that insurance companies have the option to offer
early renewal of their existing policies
to Virginia consumers through the end of 2014 so insurance companies don&rsquo;t have to cancel existing health insurance for Virginians. This will help alleviate consumer anxiety, and buffer the transition to a new system providing basic coverage to the uninsured, eliminating lifetime caps and banning discrimination against women and those with pre-existing health conditions.
If you have two minutes, I encourage you to watch
this quick video
about our recent town hall events in Virginia. We celebrated an innovative new partnership in Charlottesville that helps older Virginians comfortably remain in their homes. PACE is a great example of how community partners can come together to make an impact.
That same day, we also
held a conversation
in Richmond with 40 students, parents, and guidance counselors to discuss our bipartisan proposal to help Virginia families more easily navigate the cost of higher education.
*PROTECTING TAXPAYERS:
The Senate Banking Committee continues to work on a plan to strengthen and reform Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the housing finance agencies that required a $900 billion taxpayer bailout during the mortgage meltdown.
The Banking Committee&rsquo;s work is based on
the legislation I introduced this summer
in partnership with Tennessee Republican Sen. Bob Corker. Our bipartisan proposal makes sure that private investors, and not the taxpayers, will cover the cost of any future catastrophic downturns in the mortgage industry. Our legislation also makes sure the popular 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage continues to be widely available to Virginia homebuyers.
*FOLLOWING THE MONEY:
I&rsquo;m pleased to report that the Senate may soon vote on our bipartisan DATA Act, which provides more transparency and accountability in federal spending.
The
DATA Act
gives taxpayers and policymakers the ability to easily track online every dollar the federal government spends. It will help us identify and eliminate fraud, waste, and duplication.
While it often appears that Washington is hopelessly gridlocked because of partisanship, I want you to know I appreciate this opportunity to represent you in the U.S. Senate. And I will always fight for commonsense, bipartisan solutions that strengthen the economy for you and for Virginia families and businesses.
Regards,
Mark R. Warner
Click here
to reply to this email | To remove yourself from this email list,
click here.
