
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
Friday, January 10, 2014
U.S. Congressman Marc Veasey Invites YOU to a
FREE
Job Fair
Mark your calendars for the 33 rd
Congressional District Job Fair on January 24 th
and jump start your career!
Event is Free. No RSVP required.
Friday, January 24, 2014
8:30am-12:00pm
Tarrant County Resource Connection Conference Center
2300 Circle Drive, Fort Worth
Invite friends and family members to attend who may be seeking employment or a career change.
For event details visit:
http://veasey.house.gov/about/events
Participate at any of our ALL DAY Professional Workshops to get the tools you need to get hired.
Professional Workshops
SKILL BUILDING &amp; NETWORKING
Workshops begin at 9:20am and 11:00am.
Come joins us at our skill-building and networking workshop where you will learn tips and tools needed to gain employment. Learn ways to maximize your peer-to peer power through networking, get advice on social media etiquette, how to prepare for interviews, and find out about some great tools you can utilize throughout your job search.
2ND CHANCE FOR EMPLOYMENT
Workshops begin at 8:45am and 10:10am.
This workshop is designed for job seekers with anything that may be of concern in their background and due to this, are experiencing difficulties obtaining employment. Come learn from hiring professionals, essential tips and effective approaches for your job search and resources to help you gain a 2nd chance at employment.
ONE-ON-ONE RSUM CRITIQUING Critiquing is from ongoing, throughout the day, from 8:45am-11:45am. Sit with experts who can help bring your rsum to the next level, aiding you in your job search.
MOBILE UNIT Located outside
Visit our Mobile Workforce Unit outside equipped with 13 computers allowing us to provide on-site electronic services. You can apply for jobs online, update your resume, or register with
www.workintexas.com . Come visit us just outside the building!
Meet with dozens of companies that are looking for employees just like you!
Provided In Partnership With
Workforce solutions of tarrant and dallas counties
This is one of the many efforts I will continue to make to address jobs and get the American economy back on track
here in Washington
and in the 33 rd
Congressional District.
For more information please visit my website at
http:/Veasey.House.Gov
or call my Fort Worth District Office at (817) 920-9086
Hope to see you at the job fair!
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here