
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller Congratulates Village Assisted Living in Armada on Receiving the Bronze Award for Quality
Dec 18, 2013
Pictured left to right: Paul Ver Lee (Owner), Rep. Candice Miller, Lorrie Worden (Executive Director), Jeff Pries (Owner), Linda Lawther (President/CEO at Michigan Center for Assisted Living)
Harrison Township, MI &#8211; U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) today attended the ceremony honoring the Village Assisted
Living in Armada which received the Bronze Award for Quality by the American Health Care Association/National Center for Assisted Living (ACHA/NCAL).
ACHA/NCAL honors facilities across the nation that have demonstrated their commitment to improving quality
care for seniors and individuals with disabilities.
Miller said:
&#8220;What a wonderful achievement for the Village Assisted Living to be presented with the prestigious Bronze Award for Quality.
Achieving this honor is no mere feat.
This award recognizes the Village Assisted Living&#8217;s vision and dedication to providing quality
care and services to our Armada community and those in the surrounding area.
The hardworking the staff and medical professionals that make up this center have risen to the challenge to meet the health care needs in our community by demonstrating their commitment
to providing quality day-to-day care to our area&#8217;s aging population, as well as providing care to those who need specialized therapies and rehabilitation services.
Powered by their efforts, the Village Assisted Living facility is enriching the availability
of health care to our communities in southeast Michigan.
I believe that it is critically important for all of the residents of Michigan to have access to state-of-the-art health care services, and I know that the individuals at the Village Assisted Living
are continually working to move the quality of health care and options forward for our residents.
&#8220;Successfully caring for others takes vision, a tremendous amount of planning, and a strong human commitment to providing
quality care.
Combining those efforts are the very type of community investments we need and which make our region great.
I offer my sincere congratulations to all at the Village Assisted Living on receiving this prestigious award.&#8221;
Note: Implemented by AHCA/NCAL in 1996, the National Quality Award Program is centered on the core values and criteria
of the Baldrige Performance Excellence Program. The program assists providers of long term and post-acute care services in achieving their performance excellence goals. For more information on the award:
http://www.ahcancal.org/ncal
For more information on the Village Assisted Living:
http://www.thevillagerehab.com/
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
