
David --
Helping the unemployed shouldn&rsquo;t be a partisan issue. Not only is losing your job through no fault of your own demoralizing, but searching for a new one can be just as difficult to handle. Try telling that to the Tea Party.
For them, cutting long-term unemployment benefits is just one more number to slash for political gain -- and that&rsquo;s why they&rsquo;re blocking an extension from a vote.
Will you join me in urging Speaker Boehner to find common ground and bring an extension of the Emergency Unemployment Compensation program to the House floor? Click here to add your name to call on Speaker Boehner to call a vote and restore critical benefits to 80,000 of Illinois&rsquo; long-term unemployed &gt;&gt;
I know that there are real people behind the long-term joblessness statistics. I&rsquo;m fighting hard to create jobs and help connect them to a better future, but Tea Partiers like my opponent, ex-Congressman Bobby Schilling, would prefer to see them in poverty.
Economists have also confirmed time and time again that unemployment benefits are spent by recipients quickly on basic needs, which gives a much needed boost to local economies still climbing out of recession.
The Senate has already moved forward to extend long-term unemployment benefits, but Tea Party members in the House are vowing to block the measure from reaching the floor for a vote. Join me in demanding action from Speaker Boehner. I know we can find a way to get this done. If we can reach 2,000 strong, it&rsquo;ll send a stinging message to the obstructionists in Congress to stop playing political games and put people first. Sign your name:
http://action.cheribustos.com/Unemployment-Benefits
Thanks for your help on this.
Cheri
Paid for by Friends of Cheri Bustos This message was sent to: dj724530@gmail.com | Change or update your email address by clicking
here . We believe that emails are a crucial way for our campaign to stay in touch with supporters. Click
here
if you'd like to unsubscribe from these messages.
Thanks for your support!
