
Friday, December 6, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
The Spirit of Giving
Celebrating the life &amp; legacy of
Nelson Mandela
Yesterday, our global community lost a true hero. Nelson Mandela was a fearless leader and advocate of equality who encompassed the humanity, compassion, and dignity that we all should aspire to. My thoughts and prayers are with his family, friends, and the South African people during this most difficult time. May they find some comfort in knowing that his legacy will always live on. We can all celebrate that our world is a better place today because Nelson Mandela was in it.
Helping our neighbors in need
"What counts in life is not the mere fact that we have lived. It is what difference we have made to the lives of others that will determine the significance of the life we lead."
Nelson Mandela
Rep. Murphy and his staff joined the Big Heart Brigade's
annual event to provide holiday meals for over 100,000 people in the community .
As we enter the holiday season, it is important to remember these wise words Nelson Mandela shared with us.
Many Americans are still struggling from the economic downturn, finding it difficult to put food on their tables and a roof over their heads.
I was honored to join with several local organizations to help provide meals to families in need across the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches. The work these organizations do to make sure families have meals both during the holidays and year-round is truly commendable, and I am honored to have had the opportunity to work alongside them.
I am also proud to have joined in introducing bipartisan legislation announced last week to allow Habitat for Humanity to continue to provide low-income families with affordable housing and help rebuild communities affected by natural disasters.
Their mission of building our communities and giving our societys disadvantaged a chance at affordable homeownership should be encouraged.
I am proud to join this bipartisan effort to fix an unintended consequence of new regulations by expanding existing exemptions to cover Habitat for Humanity and other non-profits providing responsible, affordable homeownership opportunities for low-income families.
Read more .
Rep. Murphy and his staff joined the Treasure Coast Food Bank to collect holiday food and distribute turkeys to partner agencies.
Rep. Murphy toured the Edna W. Runner Tutorial Center and assisted them in preparing Thanksgiving meals to serve local families.
Flood Insurance Update
I am proud to support the bipartisan plan announced at the beginning of November to fix the National Flood Insurance Program to keep Florida homeowners from being hit with major rate hikes due to issues with FEMA's flood maps and delayed affordability study.
Read more about this bill.
There has been further action on this pressing issue since this bill was introduced. Last week, I participated in a Florida Congressional Delegation meeting where I met with FEMA officials to discuss the serious issues that must be addressed to protect Floridians from unaffordable insurance rates.
Additionally, I discussed these same concerns with FEMA Administrator Craig Fugate during a House Financial Services Committee hearing on the National Flood Insurance Program.
At this hearing, I urged Administrator Fugate to grant the request I sent along with Palm Beach County Congressional Members Ted Deutch, Alcee L. Hastings, and Lois Frankel to extend the deadline for submitting comments and technical data on the flood maps for Palm Beach County.
Click here
to learn more about these efforts.
Given that preliminary maps for this area were significantly flawed and hurt our local economy, real estate market, and mitigation efforts, it is vital that the time is taken to make sure the final flood maps are as accurate and scientifically sound as possible. I am pleased to announce that this week, FEMA granted this much-needed delay.
While this is welcome news, please know that I will continue to fight to protect homeowners across the Palm Beaches and Treasure Coast from outrageous flood insurance hikes.
Read more about this extension.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here