
Sunday, December 8, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Keeping Constitutional Checks and Balances Within an Out-of-Control Administration
Last week, I appeared on Fox with Sean Hannity to discuss the Obama Administration's failure to faithfully execute the law as required under Article II, Section 3 of
our United States Constitution. In case you missed, it click
here
to watch.
Many of you have contacted me about the President not enforcing laws and using his executive power to circumvent the legislative process as laid out in the Constitution.
The separation of powers among the three branches of the federal government was created in the Constitution as a safeguard to secure individual liberty and freedom by ensuring no branch becomes too powerful. However, under President Obama, the Executive Branch and federal agencies continue to carry out actions that circumvent the role of Congress and take away Americans' liberty.
The legislative branch is responsible for enacting new laws - but what good does that do when the President wont sign it or enforce them or decides what parts to enforce against whom?
This week in the Judiciary Committee, we held a hearing on the Obama Administration's failure to follow the "take care" clause of the Constitution, which requires requires the President to exercise his law-execution power to take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed. The take care clause is established principle of constitutional law, enacted back in the days of Marbury versus Madison in the 1800s. The President is a constitutional law scholar.
H e should know this.
But, instead, he's grabbing as much power as he can and going against the Constitution. And it's not right.
Regardless of which party is in power in the White House and in Congress, the founding fathers intended for Congress to have certain powers. President Obama is taking way more than the Constitution allows, and we have got to do what we can to stop him. As one of the witnesses from our hearing this week's hearing pointed out, this isn't a Republican or a Democrat issue.
It's a Constitutional issue.
We must do what we can to restore our Founding Fathers vision for American government - the future of democracy, what makes our country so great, remains in peril if we don't.
During the questioning round of our Judiciary hearing, I laid out the options we have in Congress under the Constitution to stop the Obama Administration from defying the take care clause - as well as the fact that these options have failed to hold the President accountable. I asked the witness panel, "Is there anything else we can do?" To hear the response I got from the Constitutional law experts at our hearing, click
here .
Leading Our Oversight Efforts over the Government's Management of Federal Contracts
Click
here
to listen to my opening statement at the start of our Federal Workforce Subcommittee hearing on Tuesday.
This week, I chaired our House Oversight Federal Workforce subcommittee hearing on the federal governments use of design-build contracts. A design-build contract is when federal agencies competitively procure both the architecture/engineering and construction of projects at the same time.
In 2012, the federal government spent over $41 billion on construction and architect and engineering (A&amp;E) contracts. Thats eight percent of the roughly $500 billion the federal government spends annually on goods and services.
As government watchdogs on the Oversight Committee, we have a duty to ensure these construction and A&amp;E contracts are managed efficiently and effectively and that taxpayer money is spent wisely. I held this hearing to make sure the government awards contracts to those companies who will do the job best - not the companies who are the best at competing for contracts.
At our hearing, we heard from government and industry experts on how to improve the process to ensure the government is awarding contracts to the company most suited for the job that provides the best value to taxpayers.To hear what I asked our panel of witnesses, including contracting experts from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, click
here .
Adios, Patent Trolls: House Passes Bill to Fix Our Patent System &amp; Protect America's Innovators
I took to the House floor before our vote on the Innovation Act to urge my colleagues' support and explain why the reforms in the bill are much-needed. I serve as a original cosponsor of this important legislation to address the ever increasing problem of abusive patent litigation. To hear the remarks I gave on the House floor, click
here .
Last week in the House, we took a necessary step towards ending the abuse that runs rampant in the U.S. patent system. In an overwhelming bipartisan vote of 325-91, we passed H.R. 3309, the "Innovation Act," a measure that will eliminate the abuses of our patent system by discouraging frivolous patent lawsuits.
The patent system is central to the United States competitiveness, job creation, and future economic security. It's designed to protect and promote American innovation. However, in recent years, abusive patent litigationpatent trollinghas skyrocketed, with companies emerging solely to buy questionable and vaguely-defined patents and assert them against thousands of end users in hopes of extracting licensing fees. Its one of the reasons there is no Wi-Fi in Whataburger. Abusive patent litigation is a drag on our economy. This problem impacts businesses and industries of all types, as well as the jobs of the people who work for them, from the tech sector to the hospitality industry, even grocery stores. Everyone from inventors, to start-ups, to mid and large sized businesses face this constant threat. The tens of billions of dollars spent on settlements and litigation expenses associated with abusive patent suits represent truly wasted capital
capital that could have been used to create new jobs, fund research and development, and create new innovations and technologies. This system has essentially led to legalized extortion - and is an issue that badly needs to be addressed.
Last week's passage of the Innovation Act ensures we can significantly curb this problem by improving the U.S. patent litigation system and targeting abusive patent trolls by discouraging frivolous patent lawsuits within our patent system.
Here are the key components of the Innovation Act:
Targets Abusive Patent Litigation:
The bill targets abusive patent litigation behavior and not specific entities with the goal of preventing individuals from taking advantage of gaps in the system to engage in litigation extortion. It does not attempt to eliminate valid patent litigation.
Protects the Patent System:
The patent system is integral to U.S. competitiveness. This legislation does not diminish or devalue patent rights in any way.
Increases Transparency:
This legislation includes heightened pleading standards and transparency provisions. Requiring parties to do a bit of due diligence up front before filing an infringement suit is just plain common sense. It not only reduces litigation expenses, but saves the court's time and resources. Greater transparency and information is a good thing and it makes our patent system stronger.
Modernizes Fee Shifting:
The legislation includes a modernized version of Section 285 fee shifting that is fair, clear and will ensure consistent judicial determinations.
Provides Greater Clarity:
The legislation provides for more clarity surrounding initial discovery, case management, joinder and the common law doctrine of customer stays. The bill works hand-in-hand with the procedures and practices of the Judicial Conference and the courts.
Small Business Education:
The bill provides for small business education and outreach by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
Now that the Innovation Act has passed the House, it's my hope that the Senate takes it up soon so this important measure can become one step closer to becoming law. The bottom line: it offers common sense reforms and is good for job growth and innovation.
Want to learn more about the Innovation Act and how it will impact you? Click
here
to watch the Judiciary Committee's white-board illustration: "Henry Ford, Patent Trolling &amp; You."
U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony
Tuesday evening, I joined some members of my D.C. staff and family to watch the 2013 Capitol Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony, the yearly tradition of illuminating the United States Capitol Christmas Tree on the West Front lawn of the U.S. Capitol grounds. The first U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree dates back to 1964 when Architect of the Capitol J. George Stewart, at the suggestion of House Speaker John W. McCormack, established the annual ceremony of decorating a tree on the West Front lawn. From my personal collection, here are my favorite shots I captured at this years Capitol Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony.
The scene on the West Lawn of the Capitol Building before the official lighting of the Capitol Christmas Tree, which will be lit from nightfall until 11:00 p.m. each evening through January 1, 2014.
This years tree is an Engelmann spruce from the Colville National Forest in Washington State. It traveled from Washington State across the country - making stops in 22 communities along the way - before arriving at the Capitol.
Rep. Doc Hastings from Washington State speaking at the ceremony, before the Capitol Christmas Tree was decorated with thousands of ornaments handcrafted by Washingtonians to reflect this years theme, Sharing Washingtons Good Nature, which highlights the states historical, cultural, and natural beauty.
Before picture: The Capitol Christmas Tree, pre-lights.
After picture: The Capitol Christmas Tree is officially lit.
Kylee Mills took this picture for us: with my Communications Director Meaghan Cronin, daughter Morgan and Executive Assistant Emily Wilkes.
My daughter Morgan and I are pictured here in front of the illuminated Capitol Christmas Tree. To see more of my footage from this years Capitol Christmas Tree Christmas Ceremony, including videos I took of the official tree lighting and a musical performance by a D.C. children's choir, check out the From My Instagram section in the right sidebar.
My Message to Our Troops This Holiday Season
We can never thank enough the men and women who put their lives on the line to protect our freedom and this nation. However, we can - and should - express our thanks as much as possible. Last week, I recorded a holiday message for our troops abroad to do just that. Click
here
to listen.
Follow Me on Twitter...
Today we're voting on a bill to end
#patent
abuse &amp; protect US innovation. "Henry Ford, Patent Trolling &amp; You" VIDEO:
http://bit.ly/1clX0Va
5 Dec 2013
Trying to Sign up for ObamaCare on
http://DCHealthlink.com . 3rd try.
#ACA
#FAIL
pic.twitter.com/2Ivq3BfcYh
5 Dec 2013
We just began our
@GOPoversight
hearing to examine the role &amp; limits of big gov &amp; how it led to the failed rollout of
http://HealthCare.gov
4 Dec 2013
Just began my Q&amp;A at our
@HouseJudiciary
hearing on POTUS' Constitutional duty to execute-NOT circumvent-laws. WATCH:
http://bit.ly/WEpDpt
4 Dec 2013
More
#brokenpromises
from the WH. Contrary to what they said yesterday,
http://HealthCare.gov
is STILL crashing:
http://bit.ly/19dJzlM
2 Dec 2013
Connect
Latest News
Hannity: How President Obama is defying the Constitution
Fox News
Reps Steve King, Blake Farenthold discuss this out of control president on Hannity
Townhall
Lawmakers: Design-build contracts must be streamlined
Federal Times
U.S. Republicans eye backup plan as budget talks intensify
Reuters
Rules committee eyes patent bill
Ramirez: Budget woes still a factor for FTC
Wheeler hints on auction rules
Politico
US House Passes Patent Reform Legislation
Printed Circuit Design &amp; Fab Magazine
CEA Welcomes Passage of the Innovation Act
Business Wire
Pearl Harbor veterans honored for sacrifice during ceremony on USS Lexington
Caller Times
Pearl Harbor Survivor Speaks to 3 News
KIII TV3
Dateline Wharton: Veteran Information
Wharton Journal-Spectator
Farenthold Family Tours Food Bank of Corpus Christi
KIII TV3
Congressman Blake Farenthold Visits the Food Bank
The Food Bank of Corpus Christi
The Week Ahead
Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee Hearing:
Examining the Current and Future Demands on FTAs Capital Investment Grants
Wednesday, December 11
2:00 p.m. ET
2167 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing:
ObamaCares Impact on Premiums and Provider Networks
Thursday, December 12
9:30 a.m. ET
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Committee Hearing:
Asylum Abuse: Is it Overwhelming our Borders?
Thursday, December 12
10:00 a.m. ET
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee Hearing:
The State of American Aviation
Thursday, December 12
10:00 a.m. ET
2167 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee Hearing:
FDA Checkup: Drug Development and Manufacturing Challenges
Thursday, December 12
1:30 p.m. ET
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
We should be voting on...
H.R. 3627
- The Kilah Davenport Child Protection Act of 2013 (Sponsored by Rep. Robert Pittenger / Judiciary Committee)
H.R. 1447
- Death in Custody Reporting Act of 2013 (Sponsored by Rep. Bobby Scott / Judiciary Committee)
H.R. 3521
- The Department of Veterans Affairs Major Medical Facility Lease Authorization Act of 2013, as amended (Sponsored by Rep. Jeff Miller / Veterans Affairs Committee)
H.R. 1402
- VA Expiring Authorities Extension Act of 2013, as amended (Sponsored by Rep. Mike Coffman / Veterans Affairs Committee)
S. 1471
- Alicia Dawn Koehl Respect for National Cemeteries Act (Sponsored by Sen. Daniel Coats / Veterans Affairs Committee)
H.R. 3212
- Sean and David Goldman International Child Abduction Prevention and Return Act of 2013, as amended (Sponsored by Rep. Chris Smith / Foreign Affairs Committee)
H.R. 1992
- Israel QME Enhancement Act, as amended (Sponsored by Rep. Doug Collins / Foreign Affairs Committee)
H.R. 3509
- Assessing Progress in Haiti Act of 2013, as amended (Sponsored by Rep. Barbara Lee / Foreign Affairs Committee)
H.R. 2019
- Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act of 2013, as amended (Sponsored by Rep. Gregg Harper / Energy and Commerce Committee)
Possible consideration of legislation related to H.R. 2642 - Federal Agriculture Reform and Risk Management Act of 2013 (Sponsored by Rep. Frank Lucas / Agriculture Committee)
Possible consideration of legislation related to H.Con.Res. 25 - Establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2014 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2015 through 2023 (Sponsored by Rep. Paul Ryan / Budget Committee)
Possible consideration of legislation related to the Sustainable Growth Rate in Medicare
A PSA from Me on Severe Weather Preparedness
Bad weather can strike at any time, and it's important to be prepared when it does. That's why I joined the Weather Channel's "Connect with Weather" campaign to record a PSA on safety tips and ways you and your family can prepare for major storms. It's my hope our message will help keep our communities safe and informed during times of severe weather. Click
here
to watch my Weather Channel PSA and I encourage you to share with your friends and neighbors at home.
Giving Thanks by Giving Back
My family and I delivered bags of food to the Food Bank of Corpus Christi before Thanksgiving last week, where we also got to tour the amenities and meet the dedicated staff who serve the less fortunate among us each day.
It was the perfect way for us as a family to get into the Thanksgiving spirit by seeing, firsthand, the impact of the Food Bank of Corpus Christi's efforts to provide food for those in need.
The day before Thanksgiving, I also visited the Mission 911 Homeless Shelter in Corpus Christi for a tour of the facilities and to meet some of the residents there. The local residents shared with me their stories of the obstacles they're facing as they work to get out of their current situations. Tony Reyes is the CEO of Mission 911, and I learned more about the great work he's doing to help those who are in need in our local community.
More Scenes from the 27th District
I recently had the opportunity to participate in the ribbon cutting and grand opening ceremony of Annapolis Christian Academys new gymnasium.
Captain Rene Coronado, who serves as my Veterans Field Representative, joined law enforcement officers from throughout South Texas on Thursday at the official opening of the new DHS Customs and Border Patrol Station in Corpus Christi. Pictured here speaking at the opening ceremony is Irma Chapa from the DHS Office of Congressional &amp; Community Relations.
Scenes from the 10th annual "Christmas in Portland" event, captured by my Field Representative Kyle Macdonald. People of all ages came out to the Portland Community Center to take part in festive activities like Christmas crafting, cookie decorating, and Kyle said there was even a special appearance by Santa.
Thursday night, my Deputy Chief of Staff Bob Haueter represented my office at a very well attended jobs town hall hosted by Nueces County and the city of Corpus Christi. Pictured is County Judge Lloyd Neal introducing members of the panel, representing a cross section of employers and educational facilities in the coastal area surrounding Nueces County.
At the Corpus Christi Chamber of Commerce Awards Luncheon, my Field Representative Luis Buentello presented certificates to the honorees acknowledging their outstanding service and commitment to the betterment of our community.
This week, my Field Representative Carol Wootton attended the First Friday Breakfast in Bay City for an update from public officials and local businesses on the latest happenings in Matagorda County.
My Deputy Chief of Staff Bob Haueter (pictured right) with Nueces Electric Cooperative CEO John Sims at the NEC's 75th Anniversary Party &amp; Open House on Thursday.
This week, the Corpus Christi Hispanic Chamber of Commerce hosted the grand opening and ribbon cutting ceremony for the Orchid Tea Garden, a brand new multi-service spa that just opened in Corpus Christi. Heres a photo from the ribbon cutting portion of the event featuring my Field Representative Luis Buentello (pictured second from left).
The Bay City Police Department is currently collecting gifts for Kids In Distress (KIDS), an organization that provides support programs and services for abused children. One of the children KIDS is working with has said that all he wants for Christmas is an American flag. Friday, my staffer Carol helped make that happen. Pictured here after my office presented an American flag to the Bay City Police Department Crimes Victims Liaison (from left to right): Matagorda County Judge Nate McDonald, Bay City Police Department Crime Victim Liaison Letisia Ramos, my Field Representative Carol Wootton, and Lt. Robert Lister, Patrol Commander.
Snapshots my Field Representative Luis Buentello captured at this week's ribbon cutting and open house of the brand new facilities at Convergent Broadcasting.
From My Instagram
Video I captured of the official lighting of the U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree on Tuesday night.
Heres a snippet of a D.C. childrens choir performance from the Capitol Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony.
Before appearing on Fox with Sean Hannity to talk about maintaining checks and balances within the federal bureaucracy and our efforts to rein in an out-of-control Administration.
My D.C. office is officially ready for Christmas! Thanks to my rockstar interns Walter and Michael for their help getting my office in the holiday spirit.
Tuesday, I chaired our House Oversight subcommittee hearing to look at the government's use of design-build contracts. As government watchdogs, its our job to make sure federal contracts are managed efficiently and effectively and to ensure taxpayer money is spent wisely.
Behind the Chair: shot I captured during our House Oversight subcommittee hearing.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here