
Thank you for subscribing to my e-newsletter. I'm pleased to provide this e-newsletter as an additional way for me to keep in touch with Central Washington residents. I hope you find it informative and I encourage you to forward it to any co-workers or friends who might be interested in
signing up themselves
to receive periodic updates in the future.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. If I can ever be of any assistance to you, please contact my office at (509) 543-9396 or visit my website at
www.hastings.house.gov . You can also like me on
Facebook
and follow me on
Twitter .
Sincerely,
TOP NEWS
House Passes Two Bipartisan Bills to Create Jobs and Increase American Made Energy
Last Wednesday, the House of Representatives passed two Natural Resources Committee bills, with bipartisan support, that encourage greater production of American-made energy. The
Federal Lands and Energy Security Act of 2013
(H.R. 1965) would protect and expand onshore American energy production and create new American jobs by streamlining government red-tape and regulations. This bill would also establish an efficient and effective process to responsibly produce both renewable and conventional energy on our federal lands, as part of a true all-of-the-above approach American energy production. The
Protecting States Rights to Promote American Energy Security Act
(H.R. 2728) would protect American jobs and American energy production by limiting the Obama Administrations ability to impose duplicative regulations on hydraulic fracturing on federal lands. Together, these bills represent the House's continued commitment toward creating American jobs, lowering home energy costs and putting more money in the pockets of hardworking American families.
Hastings Reacts to the Delay of Two Hanford Reach Plants as Endangered
On Thursday, Hastings reacted to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services announcement to delay the final rule on the status of two plants, the Umtanum desert buckwheat and the White Bluffs bladderpod, which are found on thousands of acres in Franklin and Benton Counties.
"As I have stated to both Secretary Jewell and Director Ashe over the past few months, it is imperative that they factor the best and most current science relating to the Bladderpod. As DNA studies revealed in July, the White Bluffs Bladderpod is a 100 percent match with bladderpod plants found abundantly in other states and areas where they are not proposed for listing as an endangered species,"
said Hastings .
"It is my hope that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service takes this extra time to fully consider the DNA testing and other science that has been brought to their attention in recent months, and to reverse its decision to list these plants and force a critical habitat designation on hundreds of acres of private farmland in Franklin County."
Congressman Hastings visited Wapato High School on Friday. He met with school officials, toured the new high school building, and discussed the importance of Impact Aid to the school district. Pictured with Hastings is Wapato High School Principal Eric Diener.
"The year that is drawing towards its close, has been filled with the blessings of fruitful fields and healthful skies."
President Abraham Lincoln, Thanksgiving Day Proclamation, 1863
Click here to read Hastings' Thanksgiving Message
WEEKLY MESSAGE
November 22, 2013
A Thanksgiving Message
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
Hastings Op-Ed: Protecting the States' Right to Regulate Hydraulic Fracturing
The Daily Caller
Bladderpod decision delayed
Tri-City Herald
Doc Hastings concerned about changes to rules on raw produce
iFiber One News
Federal lawmakers from NCW urge wolf delisting
The Wenatchee World
CONNECT WITH DOC
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
RSS
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1203 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-5816 | Fax: (202) 225-3251
TRI-CITIES OFFICE
2715 St. Andrews Loop, Suite D
Pasco, WA 99301
(509) 543-9396 | Fax: (509) 545-1972
YAKIMA OFFICE
402 E. Yakima Avenue, Suite 760
Yakima, WA 98901
(509) 452-3243 | Fax: (509) 452-3438
Click Here Click Here