
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
Friday, December 13,2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Marc's Memo - Congressional Update 12/13/2013
Dear Friends,
As we adjourn until January 2014, I would like to share with you several updates from my work week in Washington D.C. and Texas 33 rd
congressional district. This year, my Democratic colleagues and I came to the House ready to pass bipartisan solutions to the big problems facing the American people, but were met with all too frequent partisan bickering and Congressionally-created fiscal crises.
Last night, Congress took a step away from the brinkmanship of recent years to pass a budget agreement. This budget bill is far from perfect, but the agreement is better than the alternative and is a step towards doing what the American people expect us to do,
putting America on a fiscally sustainable path in the New Year.
While we accomplished a lot during our last week in session, Republican leadership left Washington without bringing a long to-do list of critical legislation to a vote, with no action on jobs, a farm bill with nutrition funding, the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, unemployment insurance benefits, or immigration reform.
I am still optimistic that when we return on January 6 th , my colleagues will come ready to get to work on the issues important to the American people.
In the meantime, I hope that you are enjoying the start of the holiday season and hope that you will stay connected with me through my
official website ,
Facebook page , and
Twitter account
to stay informed of our progress.
Sincerely,
Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33
SAVE THE DATE: Job Fair Rescheduled for January 24 th
due to Winter Weather
Due to winter weather, our
33 rd
Congressional District Job Fair
has been rescheduled for
Friday, January 24, 2014 at 8:30 AM
12:00 PM
at the
Tarrant County Resource Connection Conference Center, 2300 Circle Drive, Fort Worth, TX 76119.
Mark your calendars for this important event as you will have the opportunity to meet dozens of potential employers. From AT&amp;T to the Dallas Police Department, there are companies, businesses, city and government agencies that have vacancies in every field of employment. You will have the opportunity to apply for jobs on-site, network with local employers, and attend professional workshops on topics such as networking and resume writing to jumpstart your career. This event is
FREE
and open to the public.
For more information on the Job Fair, please check my
official website
or call the Fort Worth Office at 817-920-9086.
Congress on Your Corner Set for January 4 th
Every month I host a
Congress On Your Corner
(COYC) at local businesses in the Metroplex where I answer your questions about how I am representing you in Washington.
Join me on
Saturday, January 4 th
at the Kroger located at 515 S. MacArthur Boulevard Irving, Texas
and voice your concerns.
It is an honor to be a friend and advocate for the people of the 33 rd
District and I appreciate so many of you taking the time to come meet me this year. Looking forward to hearing from a few more folks in 2014!
Stay tuned for upcoming
Congress On Your Corner
events and other events in the 33 rd
District.
Rep. Veasey Calls for Extension of Unemployment Benefits
Earlier this week, I joined 166 of my colleagues to call on Speaker Boehner to extend the federal unemployment benefits program that will expire on December 28, 2013.
The Federal Emergency Unemployment Compensation program protects over 1.3 million unemployed Americans and provides benefits for approximately 68,900 Texans. Congress has reauthorized the program 11 times since it was first enacted in 2008 and I will continue to push for reauthorization until it is accomplished.
For more information on this vital program and for a state by state analysis of how the Federal Emergency Unemployment Compensation impacts Americans, connect with me on my
official website .
Congressman Veasey Urges Colleagues to Work on Issues that Affect Middle-Class Families
On Wednesday, December 11, 2013, I took to the House floor to urge my colleagues to work on increasing the minimum wage, reauthorizing the Federal Emergency Unemployment Benefits program, and any issue that affects middle-class families in Texas and across the nation.
Click
here
to watch the video.
Temporary Farm Bill Extension Does Not Extend Assistance for SNAP Recipients
During my first year in Congress, I have fought tirelessly for the millions of Texans who depend on SNAP benefits.
According to the Texas Health and Human Services Commission, 3.5 million Texas residents receive SNAP benefits. A reduction to these benefits hit Metroplex households with children, seniors, and people with disabilities the hardest.
Earlier this year we saw several attempts to cut SNAP funding by as much as 18 percent, potentially increasing hunger and undermining the health of millions of Americans.
For this reason, I joined 88 of my colleagues in a letter calling on the Budget Conference Committee to protect SNAP at the higher level that was designated in the Senate budget agreement.
On Thursday, December 12, 2013, the House of Representatives passed H.R. 3695, the Temporary Farm Bill Extension, by a voice vote. This bill would ensure that many of the Farm Bill provisions remain intact as negotiations continue on formulating a concrete 5-year reauthorization of the Farm Bill.
Download
my
Farm Bill/SNAP Fact Sheet
to learn more about my efforts to protect food security.
Passage of the FY 2014 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA)
The National Defense Authorization Act passed by the House last night is an important piece of legislation that supports our troops and all those who defend our nation. This bill also took the first steps toward addressing the crisis of sexual assault in our military. This is a serious issue that must be urgently addressed, and while I believe more could be done ,
this bill advances our effort. I was proud to support it and hope the Senate passes it quickly.
Congressman Veasey Congratulates Proyecto Inmigrante
Last week, I took to the House floor to congratulate Proyecto Inmigrante, ICS Inc. on their 8 years of service. Proyecto Inmigrante is an important non-profit organization that provides our community with free legal services for immigrants, protecting a vulnerable immigrant community from fraud and abuse. Organizations like Proyecto Inmigrante are vital to our community as we continue to work on Comprehensive Immigration Reform. I look forward to celebrating many more anniversaries with Proyecto Inmigrante.
Click
here
to watch the video.
Contact Me
E-Newsletter Sign-Up
Help with a Federal Agency
Flag Request
Visit Washington, D.C.
CONNECT WITH ME
Washington, DC Office
414 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
P: (202) 225-9897
F: (202) 225-9702
Dallas District Office
JP Morgan Chase Building
1881 Sylvan Ave., Ste. 108
Dallas, TX 75208
P: (214) 741-1387
F: (214) 741-2026
Fort Worth District Office
Office Tower at La Gran Plaza
4200 South Freeway, Suite 412
Fort Worth, TX 76115
P: (817) 920-9086
F: (817) 920-9324
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Click Here Click Here