 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like
to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
December 20, 2013
People frequently ask me what part of the job I enjoy the most about
serving as a U.S. Congressman.
I work for you and view my job as
your customer service representative to the federal government. I
consider it a privilege andan honor to be able to help constituents with
everyday problems, and provide one-on-one assistance with the issues
Pennsylvanians are having. Constituent service is of the highest
priority in my office, and my staff is here tohelp with whatever needs you
might have. My staff and I have been successful in assisting thousands
of constituents across the 9 th
Congressional District this
past year. Here are just a few of their casework
stories:
Have you or someone you know
experienced the negative effects of Obamacare? Yes No I Don't
Know *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
Candy from Buffalo Mills -on my staff
helping with her passport
very helpful
and everything went very smoothly.
I wouldnt have been able to
get it without her help. She even called to check up the day after
and gave me a number to reach her at if I had any problems.
I
couldnt have asked for anything more.
Candy
contacted my office because she needed to have a passport within a few
days, but typical passport turnaround time from the U.S. State
Department is 4-6 weeks. That was when she reached out to my office to
see if there was anything we could do. After a few phone calls, my
staff was able to schedule her an appointment immediately with Passport
Services, and she subsequently received her passport the following
day.
Judy from
Shippensburg - I think they did their job very
well, his office helped me out a great bit.
Judy
contacted the office because she was in danger of losing her home
after being denied Social Security benefits that she was eligible for.
Dealing with a major illness and unable to work, my office fought on her
behalf to get her the back pay that she was due. Judy is now
receiving her monthly Social Security benefits, and said her experience with
the office was great.
Sandra from Lemont
Furnace-
on her fathers medals being
awarded :
This is so nice, Sandra said to
the Tribune Democrat, Hed have loved
it.
Sandra contacted me with a unique situation. Her father, Paul E. Kolp
Jr., had served heroically in World War II, fighting in the jungles of
China, Burma and India and behind enemy lines.
When the family
started going through their fathers medals one day, they discovered
that eleven medals, including a bronze star and purple heart he should
have been awarded, were never given to him. Sandra contacted my office
to see if there was any way we could help.
We worked on her
familys behalf with the Department of Veterans Affairs to find and
replace the medals that Mr. Kolp so courageously earned.
In
addition, my office was able to arrange a presentation ceremony for the
eleven medals to be awarded in Mr. Kolps honor, pictured below.
Im Your
Customer Service Representative to the Federal
Government
It is always an honor to help constituents from
Pennsylvania, but it is even more rewarding when we can make their lives a little
better. I am happy to do the same for you. Here are a few of the ways
in which my office can be of service to you:
Help
With A Federal Agency
One of the most important
things I do as a Representative in Congress is help constituents deal
with federal agencies. Although I cannot override the decisions made by a
federal agency, I can intervene on a person's behalf to answer
questions, find solutions, or help cut through the red tape. If youre
having a problem with the IRS withholding your tax refund, trouble
obtaining Medicare benefits, or having issues with an agency like the
Department of Labor, my staff can work to solve the issue and deal with the
government agency for you. We navigate the often confusing process of
dealing with the following agencies and
more:
Social Security
Administration
Medicare
Veterans
Administration
Passports and
Visas
United States Citizenship
and Immigration
Services
Department of
Labor
Housing and Urban
Development
Internal Revenue
Service
Department of
Education
Federal Trade
Commission
Office of
Personnel Management
Social
Security
If you are having trouble obtaining your social security
benefits or determining what benefits might be available to you, my staff can
intervene on your behalf. We can work directly with the Social
Security Administration to ensure that you have full access to the benefits
you are eligible to receive. Be sure to visit my
website
or call my district office at
1-800-854-3035.
Tours of the Capitol and White House
Visiting
Washington, DC is an exciting and educational experience. My door is
always open to you, so please don't hesitate to stop by my office to
visit with my staff and me. In addition, my staff can serve as a
resource to you in booking tours for your trip. Simply call my office toll
free at 1-800-854-3035, or visit my
website
and we
will make arrangements.
Service Academy
Nominations
Each year I have the privilege of nominating a
few of the top students in our area to attend the military service
academies such as the Naval, Air Force, and Coast Guard Academies, as well
as West Point.
Our process for the 2015 academic year will
begin in Spring 2014, and you can find the application
here , or learn more information by calling one of my district
offices at 1-800-854-3035.
Flag
Requests
For constituents who are interested in ordering a flag from the
House and having it flown over the U.S. Capitol, flags can be ordered
directly through my office by simply calling in toll free at
1-800-854-3035, or ordering from my website
here .
Helping Veterans
I have been a strong
advocate for veterans since I first arrived in Congress.
My staff
and I are able to help with constituent casework on relevant issues
such as veterans assistance or dealing with the VA. We can advocate
for you to receive veterans benefits as well as your military records
or assist in determining what service benefits might be available to
you.
Grant Assistance
If you are
seeking a federal grant and have completed the application, you may
also wish to contact me to request a Congressional Letter of Support.
Although a Letter of Support is no guarantee that a project will be
funded, our office is more than happy to review your grant
proposal.
Passports
My staff and I can assist
in tracking the status of a passport you have already submitted, or
assist with attaining emergency passports so that you can travel safely
and securely. For help in expediting a passport, simply call my office
toll free at 1-800-854-3035 and one of my staff will be happy to
assist.
Internships
I am proud to
offer internships throughout the year for students who are particularly
interested in getting a hands-on experience to how our federal
government works.
Internships that take place during the school year
will fill the duration of one semester, and summer internships
generally last 6 - 8 weeks.
If you are interested in an internship,
please email a cover letter and resume to our intern coordinator at
PA09Jobs@mail.house.gov.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Contact Us
