
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT PETER
HELPING VERMONTERS
ISSUES
IN VERMONT
NEWSROOM
CONTACT
President agrees to
Welch call for more energy efficiency in federal
buildings
President Obama recently approved Rep. Welchs call to extend
an executive branch program that uses private companies to make
federal buildings more energy efficient at no increased cost to the
taxpayer. Rep. Welch rallied 70 Democrats and 48 Republicans to sign his
letter calling on Obama to extend the program. The administration
announced earlier this month that the initiative will be extended through
2016. READ MORE:
http://www.welch.house.gov/in-the-news/national-journal-white-house-to-extend-energyefficiency-initiative/
Welch to
EPA:
Ethanol policy is harming Vermonts farms and small
engines
Rep. Welch applauded the Environmental
Protection Agencys (EPA) decision to reduce the amount of corn
ethanol blended into fuel.
Federal law requires the EPA to issue
standards for blending ethanol into gasoline. Welch labeled the
well-intentioned policy a flop due to the unintended consequences of increased
food costs, increased feed costs for dairy farmers, and damaged chain
saw, lawnmower and boat engines. Rep. Welch led a bipartisan letter in
October, signed by 169 House colleagues, urging the EPA to adjust
ethanol levels citing these harmful impacts. READ MORE:
Ethanol policy reform legislators react to
EPA decision on ethanol blend
requirement
Working to decrease border crossing delays
At a
recent Congressional hearing, Rep. Welch sharply questioned federal
border officials about the NEXUS program that, in theory, expedites border
crossings at the U.S.-Canadian border. Welch has heard from
Vermonters about lengthy delays at the border even after they have paid a fee
to participate in the expedited entry program.
The Congressman,
who along with Senators Leahy and Sanders have urged the administration
to allocate more resources at Vermont border crossings, demanded
answers from agency officials on the delays in the NEXUS program.
Long delays at the border harm the states economy and affect the
quality of life of Vermonters crossing the border regularly for family
visits and recreation. READ MORE:
Rep. Welch questions agency officials on border wait times,
stressing economic impact on Vermont
Using
technology to provide quality health care in rural
America
Rep. Welch introduced bipartisan legislation to expand the use of
telehealth technology in the American health care system. He announced
the legislation at the Central Vermont Medical Center, where
physicians demonstrated how the hospital uses technology to improve health
outcomes and provide better access to care in underserved and remote
communities. READ MORE:
Welch
announces bipartisan telehealth legislation to improve rural
care
Demanding J.P.Morgan take full responsibility for its
role in Wall Street meltdown
J.P. Morgan and
the U.S. Justice Department recently assessed a $13 billion penalty
over J.P. Morgans role in the near collapse of the American economy in
2008. Under current law, a portion of the settlement is tax deductible.
Rep. Welch introduced legislation to close this tax loophole and
called upon the companys CEO to refrain from shifting any portion of the
penalty to the taxpayer. READ MORE:
Rep. Welch to J.P. Morgan: Do the right thing: Do not shift
settlement costs to taxpayers.
Looking back on the
month of November
View Rep. Welchs November
recap album on Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10152449437615884.1073741873.72680720883&amp;type=1
News RSS
|
Contact Us
Contact:
E-mail Congressman Welch
Vermont
Office
128 Lakeside Avenue
Suite 235
Burlington, VT 05401
Phone: (802) 652-2450 or (888) 605-7270
Washington D.C. Office
2303 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:(202) 225-4115
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
