
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
December 22, 2013
Dear
Friend,
I hope this newsletter finds you well and that you and
your family are enjoying the holidays.
As we continue
throughout the holiday season, it is important that we give thanks and
appreciation for our many blessings, as there are still so many
Americans facing hardships each day. Many are beginning to feel the stress
of losing their health insurance, while others are experiencing
exponential increases in monthly premiums that are simply unaffordable.
Americans are also under pressure to ensure that their family will have
health coverage into the New Year, despite an unworkable and broken
exchange website that makes it virtually impossible to sign
up.
This undue stress and burden that has been unfairly placed on
hard-working families is unacceptable. We can, and must, do better than this.
House Republicans have remained focused on jobs
passing dozens of
pro-growth jobs bills that are
still
awaiting action in the
Senate and also from the president. You can learn more about these bills,
track their status and even sign up as a citizen cosponsor through
http://www.speaker.gov/jobs .
We also continue to fight the president's disastrous health care law
that is causing so much pain for families across the country.
I
have voted dozens of times to repeal, dismantle and defund Obamacare.
In addition to my efforts at repealing the law, I have also worked
hard to provide an alternative to American families called the American
Health Care Reform Act, which I am proud to cosponsor. This
legislation is a patient-centered, free market alternative to Obamacare and is
everything that Obamacare is notit is effective, efficient, and
affordable. Information about the plan can be found below, and is also
available
on my website .
Additionally,
please remember the men and women of our armed services who may not have
the opportunity to spend the holidays with their families and friends.
We remain grateful for their sacrifice and service to our country, and
I am privileged to represent some of these heroes in the second
district.
If you ever have any questions or concerns about these or
any other issues, please reach out to my offices. We are always here
to serve you. Contact information for my Washington and district
offices can be found at the bottom of this newsletter.
Best
wishes to you and your family during this holiday season, and have a
very Merry Christmas!
A Better
Way
Conservatives recognize that patient-centered reforms
rooted in free markets are the best way to lower costs and solve problems
in our health care system. The American Health Care Reform Act (H.R.
3121) is a pragmatic, practical, and portable free-market alternative
to the current health care system that:
Fully repeals
President Obama's health care law, eliminating billions in taxes and
thousands of pages of unworkable regulations and mandates that are
driving up health care costs.
Spurs competition
to lower health care costs by allowing Americans to purchase health
insurance across state lines and enabling small businesses to pool
together and get the same buying power as large
corporations.
Reforms medical malpractice laws in a commonsense way
that limits trial lawyer fees and non-economic damages while maintaining
strong protections for patients.
Provides
tax reform that allows families and individuals to deduct health care
costs, just like companies, leveling the playing field and providing all
Americans with a standard deduction for health
insurance.
Expands access to Health Savings Accounts (HSAs),
increasing the amount of pre-tax dollars individuals can deposit into
portable savings accounts to be used for health care
expenses.
Safeguards individuals with pre-existing conditions from
being discriminated against purchasing health insurance by bolstering
state-based high risk pools and extending HIPAA guaranteed
availability protections.
Protects the unborn by
ensuring no federal funding of abortions.
For more
information, visit the Republican Study Committee's website by
clicking here . To become a
citizen cosponsor of H.R. 3121,
click
here .
Mr. President, what are you waiting
for?
Click
here
or on the image above to see a few of the bills that
Republicans in the House have passed in an effort to get our economy moving
again. Visit
http://www.speaker.gov/jobs
for more information about these bills and to
show your support by becoming a citizen cosponsor.
In the
News
GOP Womens Group Will Admit
Men in 2014
Roll Call
In the last days
of 2013, male House Republicans acknowledged publicly that their party
needs an attitude adjustment when it comes to including and embracing
women in politics and policymaking. Now, some will be joining the
Republican Womens Policy Committee, which was relaunched several months
ago by Rep. Renee Ellmers of North Carolina, as the group seeks to
boost its clout heading into 2014.
Meehan, Ellmers laud passage of Kids First Act
The
Ripon Advance
Reps. Patrick Meehan (R-Pa.) and Renee Ellmers
(R-N.C.) applauded the Houses passage of the Garbriella Miller Kids
First Research Act on Wednesday, which would divert federal funding
for political party conventions to research on pediatric diseases and
disorders.
Breakdown of the budget
vote
High Point Enterprise
Here are some
statements from area congressional representatives explaining their
votes: Rep. Renee Ellmers, R-2nd
Last night, I voted for an
important first step in producing a sound budget that will fund the government
over the next two years and restore economic certainty to our country
over time. This budget restores the ability for Congress to control
the purse strings. By operating without a budget for the past several
years, the government has been funded through continuing resolutions,
allowing the White House to direct funding to all sorts of unnecessary
programs.
Pediatric Medical
Research Bill Named for Virginia Girl on the House
Floor
CBS News Richmond
The act is sponsored by Rep. Gregg
Harper, a Republican from Mississippi. Its cosponsored by Rep. Tom Cole
(R-OK), Rep. Peter Welch (D-VT), Rep. Susan Brooks (R-IN) and Rep.
Renee Ellmers (R-NC).
Kathleen
Sebelius admits Obamacare sign-ups still 3 million short of
goal
Washington Examiner
Given these reports, along
with similar stories around the country, Rep. Renee Ellmers, R-N.C.,
asked Sebelius whether she still stands by Obama's promise that Americans
could keep their doctors under the new law. Sebelius said insurers
have always made decisions day in and day out to change which doctors
they offer in their plans. As you well know, in the private market,
networks change on a constant basis, she said. There is nothing in the
law that has their doctor lost to them.
Rep. Ellmers to Obama: Give Americans ACA Delay for
Christmas
Newsmax
President Barack Obama should
deliver a priceless Christmas present to Americans this holiday season:
a one-year delay in the start of the Affordable Care Act, Rep. Renee
Ellmers says. "The promises that the president made to us
that you
could keep your healthcare plan if you like ityour doctor if you want
to keep your doctor
all of these things now are being proven to be
less than truthful," Ellmers, R-N.C., told "The Steve Malzberg Show" on
Newsmax TV.
Merry Christmas and Happy New
Year!
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates,
you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
On Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the "Like"
button
on my Facebook page
today!
On
Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the
conversation on Twitter.
On YouTube
Please
subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you won't miss great video from the
Washington and the Second District.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington,
DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910)
230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222
Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro,
North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336)
626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
