
JAN
11
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This week, I crossed party lines in
voting
to begin consideration of legislation to temporarily extend long-term unemployment benefits.
I thought it was important that we have a debate on how best to address struggling workers and reform unemployment insurance.
I made it clear that if there is a way to responsibly pay for a 3-month extension of these benefits, I would be willing to support it - but with $17 trillion in debt, we shouldn't be adding to our deficit.
On Tuesday, I
introduced
an amendment to pay for a temporary extension of unemployment benefits, repeal unfair cuts to military pensions that Congress approved before Christmas (over my objections), and reduce the deficit. My proposal would save billions by stopping a scheme that currently allows illegal immigrants to claim the Additional Child Tax Credit - which has been massively abused. According to a 2012 news
report , an undocumented worker in Indiana admitted that his address was used to file tax returns by four other undocumented workers, who fraudulently claimed 20 children in total - resulting in tax refunds totaling nearly $30,000. And an
investigative report
in North Carolina found 398 returns associated with two apartments amounting to over $1.9 million in Additional Child Tax Credits - with no evidence that the children being claimed either lived in the United States or even existed.
The Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that preventing this fraud would save approximately $20 billion over 10 years. With those savings, we could stop massive tax abuse and pay to eliminate the unfair cuts to our military retirees - including our wounded warriors, those who have been medically retired. We could also pay for a 3-month extension of unemployment benefits for American workers, and apply the remainder to deficit reduction.
Only in Washington would a good government proposal like this be blocked. That's exactly what happened on Thursday night: Harry Reid and Senate Democrats
objected
to holding a vote on my amendment (see below for video of my efforts to secure a vote on my legislation).
I'm disappointed that after voting in good faith to debate unemployment benefits legislation, the Senate Majority Leader has blocked my amendment and all amendments my colleagues offered with good ideas of how to pay for and improve unemployment insurance.
It's a sad day when common sense legislation can't even get a vote on the Senate floor. We should be able to have votes on proposals from both parties - and the people of New Hampshire should have their voices heard in this debate.
VIDEO: Ayotte On Senate Floor Pushes For Vote On Amendment To Pay For Repeal of Military Retirement Cuts, Temporarily Extend Unemployment Benefits, and Reduce Deficit
Ayotte Alarmed By Administration Decision To Clear for Release Dangerous Guantanamo Detainee
Reflecting her concerns about the Obama administration's continued lack of a terrorist detention policy, Senator Ayotte this week raised questions about the Defense Department's decision to clear for release Guantanamo detainee Mahmoud Abd al-Aziz al Mujahid - who is reported to have served as a bodyguard for Osama bin Laden.
In a joint statement on Friday, Ayotte and Senator Saxby Chambliss, Vice Chair of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, said: "We remain seriously concerned that this Administration seems to be basing its terrorist detention decisions more on a misguided promise to close Guantanamo than on our national security interests. After at least three previous reviews, Mahmoud Abd al-Aziz al Mujahid, who reportedly was tied to Osama bin Laden and trained in al Qaeda camps, was determined to be too dangerous to transfer. The Administration owes the American people a justifiable explanation as to why they continue to release, or clear for release, from Guantanamo Bay terrorists who have sought to harm and kill Americans."
Since arriving in the Senate, Senator Ayotte has led efforts in the Armed Services Committee and on the floor of the Senate to ensure our nation has a common sense foreign terrorist detention policy that is consistent with our values and allows us to gather the intelligence necessary to prevent future attacks on our country.
Photo of the Week
Senator Ayotte greets UNH student Andrew Wells, who stopped by her weekly "Coffee With Kelly" (held each Thursday when the Senate is in session).
Wells discussed transportation infrastructure during his visit to Ayotte's office. Ayotte introduced
legislation
last fall that aims to bolster efforts in New Hampshire to establish a state infrastructure bank that leverages state and federal transportation dollars to attract private investments to help fund local transportation initiatives.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
