
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
January 10, 2014
Dear Friends,
This week, the Senate voted to confirm Janet Yellen to be the chair of
the Federal Reserve. While I have high regard and respect for Ms.
Yellen, I voted against her nomination because she has been a main
architect of a practice known as quantitative easing. I have major
concerns with quantitative easing and believe this practice is masking
the real issues that are holding back our economy from creating jobs.
During the rest of the week, the Senate worked on a temporary
three-month extension of emergency unemployment benefits.
Emergency Unemployment Benefits
On Tuesday, the Senate held a procedural vote (cloture on the motion to
proceed) on S.1845, the Emergency Unemployment Compensation Extension
Act. Cloture was invoked by a vote of 60 to 37.
The Emergency Unemployment Compensation Extension Act would provide a
temporary three-month extension (through March 31, 2014) of
unemployment insurance benefits for people who have been unemployed
long-term.
I voted No on this procedural vote on unemployment insurance because I
am concerned by the $6.4 billion cost of this bill.
I am working with my colleagues to find a way to pay for this
legislation and to include amendments that provide workforce training
for unemployed Americans.
To give you some background on this issue, in 2008, Congress created an
emergency unemployment compensation program to provide a temporary
extension of benefits for long-term unemployed workers who have
exhausted up to 26 weeks of state-sponsored benefits. Since 2008,
Congress has voted 11 times to extend the Unemployment Compensation Act.
Protecting Military Retirement Pay
Also on Tuesday, I cosponsored an amendment to the unemployment
benefits legislation that would reverse the unfair Cost of Living
Allowance (COLA) reduction for military retirees and disabled military
retirees included in the recent budget agreement. The amendment would
also pay for a three-month extension of temporary long-term
unemployment benefits.
The amendment, which was introduced by Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH),
would prevent the $6.3 billion in military retiree benefits cuts and
also would pay for a three-month extension of unemployment benefits by
stopping a scheme that currently allows illegal immigrants to claim the
Additional Child Tax Credit, which currently costs taxpayers billions.
The amendment would change the U.S. tax code to require filers to
provide Social Security numbers in order to qualify for the Additional
Child Tax Credit, a requirement that the Joint Committee on Taxation
estimates would save approximately $20 billion over 10 years.
This is a much-needed amendment that generates the money needed to pay
for a three-month extension of unemployment insurance and to protect
our military from cuts to their retirement pay. Unfortunately, this
amendment was prohibited from consideration on the floor of the Senate
by the Majority Leader. There's only one reason Senate Majority Leader
Harry Reid wouldn't let this amendment come to the floor, and that's if
he wants a problem rather than a solution. This amendment is a solution
for three major problems Congress should be addressing.
Flood Insurance
On Tuesday, I joined a bipartisan group of senators in holding a press
conference to highlight the need to fix flood insurance this country. I
have joined dozens of members of Congress, Republicans and Democrats,
in introducing the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act that
would protect millions of homeowners from facing huge flood insurance
premium rate hikes and require the Federal Emergency Management Agency,
known as FEMA, to complete an affordability study and propose real
solutions to address affordability issues before any flood insurance
premiums can be raised in the future.
It's critically important that we protect Georgians and all Americans
from sudden, steep increases in their annual flood insurance premiums
that are a result of the Biggert-Waters law. Without action, many
homeowners in costal and flood plain areas in Georgia and elsewhere
will experience unaffordable premiums that will cause some owners to
lose their homes. Also, the Biggert-Waters law has the unintended
consequence of causing the value of homes for sale in these areas to
drop.
I'm pleased that our bill also requires FEMA to complete an
affordability study using the latest technology to ensure that flood
insurance is affordable for homeowners and the program is
self-sustainable going forward.
What's on Tap?
Next week, the Senate is expected to resume consideration of S.1845,
the Emergency Unemployment Compensation Extension Act.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
January 10, 2014
Dear Friends,
This week, the Senate voted to confirm Janet Yellen to be the chair of the Federal Reserve.
While I have high regard and respect for Ms. Yellen, I voted against her nomination because she has been
a main architect of a practice known as quantitative easing. I have major concerns with quantitative
easing and believe this practice is masking the real issues that are holding back our economy from creating
jobs.
During the rest of the week, the Senate worked on a temporary three-month extension of emergency
unemployment benefits.
Emergency Unemployment Benefits
On Tuesday, the Senate held a procedural vote (cloture on the motion to proceed) on S.1845, the
Emergency Unemployment Compensation Extension Act . Cloture was invoked by a vote of 60 to 37.
The
Emergency Unemployment Compensation Extension Act
would provide a temporary three-month
extension (through March 31, 2014) of unemployment insurance benefits for people who have been unemployed
long-term.
I voted No on this procedural vote on unemployment insurance because I am concerned by the $6.4
billion cost of this bill.
I am working with my colleagues to find a way to pay for this legislation and to include amendments
that provide workforce training for unemployed Americans.
To give you some background on this issue, in 2008, Congress created an emergency unemployment
compensation program to provide a temporary extension of benefits for long-term unemployed workers who
have exhausted up to 26 weeks of state-sponsored benefits. Since 2008, Congress has voted 11 times to
extend the
Unemployment Compensation Act .
Protecting Military Retirement Pay
Also on Tuesday, I cosponsored an amendment to the unemployment benefits legislation that would
reverse the unfair Cost of Living Allowance (COLA) reduction for military retirees and disabled military
retirees included in the recent budget agreement. The amendment would also pay for a three-month extension
of temporary long-term unemployment benefits.
The amendment, which was introduced by Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH), would prevent the $6.3 billion
in military retiree benefits cuts and also would pay for a three-month extension of unemployment benefits
by stopping a scheme that currently allows illegal immigrants to claim the Additional Child Tax Credit,
which currently costs taxpayers billions. The amendment would change the U.S. tax code to require filers
to provide Social Security numbers in order to qualify for the Additional Child Tax Credit, a requirement
that the Joint Committee on Taxation estimates would save approximately $20 billion over 10 years.
This is a much-needed amendment that generates the money needed to pay for a three-month extension
of unemployment insurance and to protect our military from cuts to their retirement pay. Unfortunately,
this amendment was prohibited from consideration on the floor of the Senate by the Majority Leader. There&#8217;s
only one reason Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid wouldn&#8217;t let this amendment come to the floor,
and that&#8217;s if he wants a problem rather than a solution. This amendment is a solution for three
major problems Congress should be addressing.
Flood Insurance
On Tuesday, I joined a bipartisan group of senators in holding a press conference to highlight
the need to fix flood insurance this country. I have joined dozens of members of Congress, Republicans
and Democrats, in introducing the
Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act
that would protect
millions of homeowners from facing huge flood insurance premium rate hikes and require the Federal Emergency
Management Agency, known as FEMA, to complete an affordability study and propose real solutions to address
affordability issues before any flood insurance premiums can be raised in the future.
It&#8217;s critically important that we protect Georgians and all Americans from sudden, steep
increases in their annual flood insurance premiums that are a result of the Biggert-Waters law. Without
action, many homeowners in costal and flood plain areas in Georgia and elsewhere will experience unaffordable
premiums that will cause some owners to lose their homes. Also, the Biggert-Waters law has the unintended
consequence of causing the value of homes for sale in these areas to drop.
I&#8217;m pleased that our bill also requires FEMA to complete an affordability study using the
latest technology to ensure that flood insurance is affordable for homeowners and the program is self-sustainable
going forward.
What&#8217;s on Tap?
Next week, the Senate is expected to resume consideration of S.1845, the
Emergency Unemployment
Compensation Extension Act .
Sincerely, Johnny Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
