 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
MARSHALL COUNTY
Friday, Dec. 27 at 8:30 a.m.
The Weaver Hotel
Waterville
TREGO COUNTY
Tuesday, Dec. 31 at 10:30 a.m.
Western Cooperative Electric
WaKeeney
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ___
Kansas Common Sense
December 16, 2013
Dear Friend,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thank you for your continued interest
in receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013
Last week, Congressional leaders announced a bipartisan budget
agreement to set spending levels for two years, replacing sequester
spending cuts with modest reforms and future spending reductions. The
Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 would set overall discretionary spending
for the current fiscal year at $1.012 trillion - halfway between Senate
Democrats' preferred level of $1.058 trillion and the $967 billion
level currently set in law by the Budget Control Act of 2011. The
sequester relief - a spending increase of approximately $63 billion
over two years split between defense and non-defense programs - is paid
for through increased aviation fees, changes in retirement pay for the
Armed Forces, and the promise of future mandatory spending reductions,
much of which will take place a decade from now. However, setting top
line budgetary levels will allow appropriators to move forward with
legislation to fund our government and ultimately avert another
shutdown in January.
I appreciate the efforts of Rep. Paul Ryan and Sen. Patty Murray, each
chamber's respective Budget Committee Chair, to work together in an
attempt to get our spending under control, but this deal is far from
perfect. What remains missing from this agreement is a genuine effort
to address the real driver of our debt: mandatory spending. As long the
solvency and unfunded liabilities of Social Security and Medicare
remain ignored in favor of minor tweaks to discretionary spending, our
budget crisis will never go away.
While I didn't vote for sequestration, the reality is it forced
Washington to acknowledge the hard truth of our spending and set budget
caps that have proven to be achievable and manageable. It is
disappointing to see Congress change the law to increase spending now
while delaying further spending cuts until many years down the line.
With the national debt soaring above $17 trillion, we should not be
increasing spending. On Thursday, the Bipartisan Budget Act passed the
House by a vote of 332-94, and this week it will receive a floor vote
in the U.S. Senate.
Kansans Face Higher Premiums Due to Obamacare
On Thursday, I spoke to my colleagues in the Senate about the problems
with Obamacare and the harm that the flawed law is causing Kansans. In
my remarks, I highlighted a story shared with me by a retired teacher
from Wichita who is facing significant rising costs for health
insurance coverage she does not want or need as a result of Obamacare.
Unfortunately, many Kansans have contacted me to share similar stories
on the real-world, negative impacts they face because of this law.
While the President promised his health care law would lower health
care costs and strengthen our health care system, the reality is the
law is increasing health insurance premiums, slowing economic recovery,
hindering job growth and causing millions of Americans to lose their
current coverage. We can develop sensible reforms that increase
competition and choice, and thereby expand access and lower costs of
health care for Americans without harming people who already have
insurance they like. Click here
to see me share this story on the U.S.
Senate Floor.
Banking Committee Reviews Interim Deal with Iran
On Thursday, the Senate Banking Committee held a hearing to examine the
details of the six-month interim agreement the United States and our
international partners reached with Iran in November. Under the terms
of the agreement, Iran is to pause most of its nuclear activities in
exchange for significant sanctions relief, estimated to be worth
billions of dollars. I am gravely concerned about Iran's continued
march toward a nuclear weapons capability and troubled that the deal
brokered in Geneva not only allows Iran to keep its nuclear
infrastructure intact but leaves Americans detained in Iranian prisons.
Tough U.S. and international sanctions brought Iran to the negotiating
table but have yet to compel Iran to abandon its nuclear program. While
some sanctions are being suspended during the length of the interim
agreement, the Obama Administration must continue to vigorously enforce
all remaining sanctions. In addition, I support passage of new
sanctions on Iran so that if Iran breaks the agreement, President Obama
can not only reverse the sanctions relief granted by this deal but
immediately impose more sanctions. The Iranian regime's pursuit of
nuclear weapons, imprisonment of American citizens, support for
terrorism, and threats against our ally Israel should give us every
reason imaginable to keep up the pressure on Iran. We must do
everything we can to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons
capability.
The Federal Reserve Transparency Act
The Federal Reserve has been advancing a far-reaching monetary policy
for too long without congressional review. I believe that the actions
taken as part of their quantitative easing program expose our nation to
additional economic harm. The actions of the Federal Reserve in
response to the financial crisis of 2008 have raised a number of
questions regarding the transparency of their operations. While most of
the operations of the Federal Reserve are frequently audited by
government investigators and the Federal Reserve Board's Office of the
Inspector General (OIG), I have signed on as a cosponsor to S. 209, the
Federal Reserve Transparency Act so we can get a complete analysis of
their operations. This legislation directs the Government
Accountability Office (GAO) to conduct a full audit of the Federal
Reserve within 12 months of the passage of the bill. This one-time
audit would include the monetary policy and discount window lending
operations of the Federal Reserve, currently the only activities not
subject to review, as well as every other function the bank serves. I
will encourage my colleagues in the Senate to join me in supporting
this legislation. Click here
to read the text of the legislation.
Advocating for Rural Health Care Access
On Thursday, the Senate Finance Committee passed legislation to repeal
and replace the Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) for Medicare physician
payments. This formula was originally introduced as a way to contain
the growth in health spending, but it is seriously flawed and results
in a fiscally unsustainable and volatile system for patients and the
doctors and other health care providers that care for them. Permanently
reforming the Medicare SGR formula in a fiscally responsible manner
must be an urgent priority for Congress and the President. I urge
Majority Leader Reid to bring this legislation up for consideration on
the Senate floor.
Included in this SGR replacement bill is an amendment from Senator John
Thune of South Dakota to provide clarification on the level of
physician supervision required for outpatient therapeutic services at
critical access hospitals. "Outpatient therapeutic services" include
services such as drug infusions, blood transfusions, and cardiac and
pulmonary rehabilitation services. I worked with Senator Thune to craft
this amendment and build support for the measure, which was also
cosponsored by Senator Roberts.
The federal government's current policy on supervision of outpatient
therapy services fails to take into account the realities of rural
health care. Many Kansas hospitals, and other rural hospitals across
the country, find these supervision requirements impossible to meet -
jeopardizing continued access to these important health care services.
Small and rural hospitals, where medical workforce shortages are most
severe, need reasonable flexibility to appropriately staff their
facilities so they can continue to provide a full range of services to
their communities. This amendment is a commonsense approach that would
preserve patient safety and ease unreasonable regulations on many rural
hospitals.
This past summer, I introduced S. 1143, the Protecting Access to Rural
Therapy Services (PARTS) Act, to make sure that rural and other
patients have access to a full range of outpatient therapy services in
their own communities. Click here
to read a summary of the PARTS Act and the
concerns with current supervision policy for these therapy services.
Computer Science Education Week and Hour of Code
Last week was Computer Science Education Week. The week centered on the
idea of getting as many people as possible to try their hand at
learning a bit of computer science and engaging in a small coding
project. The response was overwhelming, with more than 10 million
students participating - many students across Kansas were among them.
I support efforts like the Hour of Code because of the great potential
computer science has. The rise of computers and the Internet has
unlocked new platforms for communication, creativity and innovation.
This is critical for states like Kansas where Internet and knowledge of
computer science could allow someone in a rural Kansas town to create
an app used around the world, or sell their homemade products to a
global marketplace. It's no surprise that computer science experience
is among the most demanded skills in the job market. Best of all, these
skills can be learned by anyone at any age. The Hour of Code project
aimed to get as many folks as possible to give it a try
. I was glad to see this effort was so successful, and hope to
see growing interest in this exciting area.
Senate Resolution Congratulating Sporting Kansas City on MLS Cup Win
This week I introduced a U.S. Senate Resolution along with Senator
Roberts commending Sporting KC's 2013 MLS Cup victory. The win was an
exciting moment in Kansas City's already rich soccer history. The club's
success, the world class Sporting Park, and the community's
enthusiastic support combine to make Sporting KC a premier MLS club and
Kansas City one of America's great soccer cities. Click here
to view the resolution. Click here
to see a highlight video from the victory.
Kansans in the Office
Federal Home Loan Banks of Topeka
Eric Haar of Topeka
Shawn Mitchell of Topeka
Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service
Khadar Dahir of Wichita
Spinal Simplicity
Todd Moseley of Overland Park
Julie McKee of Overland Park
EagleMed
Robbie Copeland of Wichita
National Association of County and City Health Officials
Phillip Davis of Emporia
Allison Alejos of Topeka
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one
of my Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING
UP Kansas
Listening Tour
MARSHALL COUNTY
Friday, Dec. 27 at
8:30
a.m. The Weaver Hotel Waterville
TREGO COUNTY
Tuesday, Dec. 31 at
10:30 a.m.
Western Cooperative Electric WaKeeney
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____
_ ___
Kansas
Common Sense December
16, 2013
Dear
Friend,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thank you for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
The
Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 Last week, Congressional
leaders announced a bipartisan budget agreement to set spending levels for two years, replacing sequester
spending cuts with modest reforms and future spending reductions. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 would
set overall discretionary spending for the current fiscal year at $1.012 trillion &#8211; halfway between
Senate Democrats&#8217; preferred level of $1.058 trillion and the $967 billion level currently set in
law by the Budget Control Act of 2011. The sequester relief &#8211; a spending increase of approximately
$63 billion over two years split between defense and non-defense programs &#8211; is paid for through
increased aviation fees, changes in retirement pay for the Armed Forces, and the promise of future mandatory
spending reductions, much of which will take place a decade from now. However, setting top line budgetary
levels will allow appropriators to move forward with legislation to fund our government and ultimately
avert another shutdown in January.
I
appreciate the efforts of Rep. Paul Ryan and Sen. Patty Murray, each chamber&#8217;s respective Budget
Committee Chair, to work together in an attempt to get our spending under control, but this deal is far
from perfect. What remains missing from this agreement is a genuine effort to address the real driver
of our debt: mandatory spending. As long the solvency and unfunded liabilities of Social Security and
Medicare remain ignored in favor of minor tweaks to discretionary spending, our budget crisis will never
go away.
While
I didn't vote for sequestration, the reality is it forced Washington to acknowledge the hard truth of
our spending and set budget caps that have proven to be achievable and manageable. It is disappointing
to see Congress change the law to increase spending now while delaying further spending cuts until many
years down the line. With the national debt soaring above $17 trillion, we should not be increasing spending.
On Thursday, the Bipartisan Budget Act passed the House by a vote of 332-94, and this week it will receive
a floor vote in the U.S. Senate.
Kansans
Face Higher Premiums Due to Obamacare On Thursday, I spoke
to my colleagues in the Senate about the problems with Obamacare and the harm that the flawed law is
causing Kansans. In my remarks, I highlighted a story shared with me by a retired teacher from Wichita
who is facing significant rising costs for health insurance coverage she does not want or need as a result
of Obamacare. Unfortunately, many Kansans have contacted me to share similar stories on the real-world,
negative impacts they face because of this law. While the President promised his health care law would
lower health care costs and strengthen our health care system, the reality is the law is increasing health
insurance premiums, slowing economic recovery, hindering job growth and causing millions of Americans
to lose their current coverage. We can develop sensible reforms that increase competition and choice,
and thereby expand access and lower costs of health care for Americans without harming people who already
have insurance they like.
Click
here
to see me share this story on the U.S. Senate Floor.
Banking
Committee Reviews Interim Deal with Iran On Thursday, the
Senate Banking Committee held a hearing to examine the details of the six-month interim agreement the
United States and our international partners reached with Iran in November. Under the terms of the agreement,
Iran is to pause most of its nuclear activities in exchange for significant sanctions relief, estimated
to be worth billions of dollars. I am gravely concerned about Iran&#8217;s continued march toward a nuclear
weapons capability and troubled that the deal brokered in Geneva not only allows Iran to keep its nuclear
infrastructure intact but leaves Americans detained in Iranian prisons.
Tough
U.S. and international sanctions brought Iran to the negotiating table but have yet to compel Iran to
abandon its nuclear program. While some sanctions are being suspended during the length of the interim
agreement, the Obama Administration must continue to vigorously enforce all remaining sanctions. In addition,
I support passage of new sanctions on Iran so that if Iran breaks the agreement, President Obama can
not only reverse the sanctions relief granted by this deal but immediately impose more sanctions. The
Iranian regime&#8217;s pursuit of nuclear weapons, imprisonment of American citizens, support for terrorism,
and threats against our ally Israel should give us every reason imaginable to keep up the pressure on
Iran. We must do everything we can to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability.
The
Federal Reserve Transparency Act The Federal Reserve has
been advancing a far-reaching monetary policy for too long without congressional review. I believe that
the actions taken as part of their quantitative easing program expose our nation to additional economic
harm. The actions of the Federal Reserve in response to the financial crisis of 2008 have raised a number
of questions regarding the transparency of their operations. While most of the operations of the Federal
Reserve are frequently audited by government investigators and the Federal Reserve Board&#8217;s Office
of the Inspector General (OIG), I have signed on as a cosponsor to S. 209, the Federal Reserve Transparency
Act so we can get a complete analysis of their operations. This legislation directs the Government Accountability
Office (GAO) to conduct a full audit of the Federal Reserve within 12 months of the passage of the bill.
This one-time audit would include the monetary policy and discount window lending operations of the Federal
Reserve, currently the only activities not subject to review, as well as every other function the bank
serves. I will encourage my colleagues in the Senate to join me in supporting this legislation.
Click
here
to read the text of the legislation.
Advocating
for Rural Health Care Access On Thursday, the Senate Finance
Committee passed legislation to repeal and replace the Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) for Medicare physician
payments. This formula was originally introduced as a way to contain the growth in health spending, but
it is seriously flawed and results in a fiscally unsustainable and volatile system for patients and the
doctors and other health care providers that care for them. Permanently reforming the Medicare SGR formula
in a fiscally responsible manner must be an urgent priority for Congress and the President. I urge Majority
Leader Reid to bring this legislation up for consideration on the Senate floor.
Included
in this SGR replacement bill is an amendment from Senator John Thune of South Dakota to provide clarification
on the level of physician supervision required for outpatient therapeutic services at critical access
hospitals. &#8220;Outpatient therapeutic services&#8221; include services such as drug infusions, blood
transfusions, and cardiac and pulmonary rehabilitation services. I worked with Senator Thune to craft
this amendment and build support for the measure, which was also cosponsored by Senator Roberts.
The
federal government&#8217;s current policy on supervision of outpatient therapy services fails to take
into account the realities of rural health care. Many Kansas hospitals, and other rural hospitals across
the country, find these supervision requirements impossible to meet &#8211; jeopardizing continued access
to these important health care services. Small and rural hospitals, where medical workforce shortages
are most severe, need reasonable flexibility to appropriately staff their facilities so they can continue
to provide a full range of services to their communities. This amendment is a commonsense approach that
would preserve patient safety and ease unreasonable regulations on many rural hospitals.
This
past summer, I introduced S. 1143, the Protecting Access to Rural Therapy Services (PARTS) Act, to make
sure that rural and other patients have access to a full range of outpatient therapy services in their
own communities.
Click
here
to read a summary of the PARTS Act and the concerns
with current supervision policy for these therapy services.
Computer
Science Education Week and Hour of Code Last week was Computer
Science Education Week. The week centered on the idea of getting as many people as possible to try their
hand at learning a bit of computer science and engaging in a small coding project. The response was overwhelming,
with more than 10 million students participating
&#8211;
many
students across Kansas were among them.
I
support efforts like the Hour of Code because of the great potential computer science has. The rise of
computers and the Internet has unlocked new platforms for communication, creativity and innovation. This
is critical for states like Kansas where Internet and knowledge of computer science could allow someone
in a rural Kansas town to create an app used around the world, or sell their homemade products to a global
marketplace. It&#8217;s no surprise that computer science experience is among the most demanded skills
in the job market. Best of all, these skills can be learned by anyone at any age. The Hour of Code project
aimed to get as many folks as possible to
give
it a try . I was glad to see this effort was so successful, and
hope to see growing interest in this exciting area.
Senate Resolution Congratulating Sporting Kansas City on
MLS Cup Win
This week I
introduced a U.S. Senate Resolution along with Senator Roberts commending Sporting KC&#8217;s 2013 MLS
Cup victory. The win was an exciting moment in Kansas City&#8217;s already rich soccer history. The club&#8217;s
success, the world class Sporting Park, and the community&#8217;s enthusiastic support combine to make
Sporting KC a premier MLS club and Kansas City one of America&#8217;s great soccer cities.
Click
here
to view the resolution.
Click
here
to
see a highlight video from the victory.
Kansans in the Office Federal
Home Loan Banks of Topeka Eric Haar of Topeka
Shawn Mitchell of Topeka
Lutheran
Immigration and Refugee Service Khadar Dahir of Wichita
Spinal
Simplicity Todd Moseley of Overland Park
Julie McKee of Overland Park
EagleMed Robbie
Copeland of Wichita
National
Association of County and City Health Officials Phillip Davis
of Emporia
Allison Alejos of Topeka
Honored
to Serve You in Washington It
is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and
writing in to share their thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate
the words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who
wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email
by
clicking
here .
You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
