
Having trouble seeing this e-mail?
Click here to read it on my blog.
Dear Friend,
As we close out the year, I'm proud to release a new episode of the &ldquo; The Udall Update ,&rdquo; a public access television program that provides you with an inside look at what&rsquo;s happening in the U.S. Senate and how it impacts life in New Mexico.
The program includes interviews, in-depth stories and feature segments about the work I am doing in Washington on behalf of New Mexicans.
If you live in Albuquerque, Carlsbad, Las Cruces, Los Alamos, Rio Rancho, Santa Fe and Silver City you can watch &ldquo;The Udall Update&rdquo; on your local public access station, and anyone with Internet access can view the program online starting today.
Click here to watch a new episode of "The Udall Update."
In the &ldquo; Sensible Solutions &rdquo; segment, I discuss two important pieces of legislation I passed on behalf of New Mexicans, including an interview with Jayann Sepich of Carlsbad, who was the driving force behind passage of the Katie Sepich Enhanced DNA Collection Act. The law was named after Jayann's daughter, a New Mexico State University graduate student whose tragic death in 2003 spurred passage of &ldquo;Katie&rsquo;s Law&rdquo; on the state level to collect DNA from individuals arrested for serious crimes.
I successfully fought to pass the
Katie Sepich Enhanced DNA Collection Act
at the federal level to create incentives for states to implement programs like New Mexico's, and I was honored to work with the Sepich family on this sensible solution.
The segment also features an interview with Albuquerque residents MSgt Jessey Baca and his wife Maria
about our work passing the
Open Burn Pits Registry Act
to help patients, doctors and VA officials determine to what extent air pollution caused by open air burn pits has led to medical conditions among service members.
I became an advocate for creating this registry after meeting the Bacas, who detailed Jessey&rsquo;s battle with a multitude of health problems believed to be associated with burn pits, and I worked hard on a bipartisan basis to get this bill signed into law for them and other veterans who were exposed.
Finally, in a segment called &ldquo; Tom's Inbox ,&rdquo; I answer a letter from a constituent in Harding County about the work I am doing to support rural New Mexico.
To find out exactly when the episode will air in your community, please contact your local public access station from the list below.
Extended interviews and additional footage
can also be seen
online.
I hope you enjoy the latest episode of &ldquo; The Udall Update ."
Cheers,
Tom Udall
United States Senator
Albuquerque - Channels 26 &amp; 27
Carlsbad - Channel23TV &ndash; Channel 23
Las Cruces - CLC TV &ndash; Channel 20
Los Alamos- Los Alamos PAC &ndash; Channel 8
Rio Rancho - RioVision Community Access TV &ndash; Channels 15 &amp; 22
Santa Fe - Santa Fe Community Television &ndash; Channel 16
Silver City - Community Access Television of Silver &ndash; Channels 17, 18 &amp; 19
Remember, if you don't have access to these stations through your TV provider you can watch the entire episode on my
YouTube
channel.
CONNECT WITH TOM
CONTACT TOM
UNSUBSCRIBE
tomudall.senate.gov
Photo of the Organ Mountains by Patrick Alexander of
Las Cruces.
