
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
January 10, 2014
Dear Friend,
I hope you had a
wonderful holiday break and that your 2014 is off to a great
start.
This week in Washington I voted for the Health Exchange Security
and Transparency Act, which ensures that you are notified immediately
if any of your private information is compromised through
Healthcare.gov or the California state exchange. You deserve to know when your
personal information has been improperly accessed due to the Affordable
Care Act.
I'd like to personally invite you to my 2014
Mobile District Office Hours. They're held throughout the district in
your area at least once each
month.
On Monday I announced an updated schedule for my
2014 Mobile District Office Hours . Mobile District Office
Hours are a great way to meet with me and my staff for help with
federal agencies, questions about my views and concerns about how the
federal government is impacting you.
We are available to
assist you with casework on matters
including:
Medicare
Veterans Affairs
Social
Security
The Internal Revenue Service
Any other
federal legislation
Additional information is available
through
my website . Regular office hours are open
to the public and no appointment is necessary. Schedule is subject to
change throughout the year; any alterations will be posted online. For
more information, please contact my Modesto district office at (209)
579-5458.
Next week I will be holding a hearing as
Chairman of the Transportation and Infrastructures Subcommittee on
Railroads, Pipelines and Hazardous Materials on
the
challenges facing Californias High-Speed Rail project . Since voters
supported Prop 1A in 2008, proposed ride times for the California High-Speed
Rail Authoritys (Authority) project have slowed, promised jobs have
failed to materialize and costs have skyrocketed. A November ruling
from the California Superior Court denied the Authoritys request to
issue more than $8 billion in California Proposition 1A state bonds to
finance construction of the project. The hearing will examine the
project following the ruling, which prevents the Authority from generating
the State funds necessary to match the $2.55 billion in federal dollars
already spent on the rail system. As always I welcome your comments
on this issue, which is central to how your federal and state taxpayer
dollars are being spent. Please share your thoughts with me
here .
We continue to make progress on
finishing a full five-year farm bill, and Ive spent time working with House
and Senate colleagues on both sides of the aisle as I serve on the
conference committee responsible for finalizing an agreement between the
two chambers. The five-year farm bill will give certainty to our
agricultural community and American families, helping to stabilize prices
for the products you buy at the grocery store. I look forward to
reaching a final agreement on the farm bill in the coming days.
Edgar
Garcia worked in my Modesto office this
fall.
Lastly, if you called my Modesto office over the
last few months, you may have spoken to Edgar, one of the interns who
worked this fall with my district staff to serve you. A 20-year-old
CSU Stanislaus junior, Edgar studies political science and criminal
justice and is from Firebaugh, CA.
It is always an honor to
welcome bright young Californians to my office. Interns like Edgar are
an asset to my staff and help us to serve our constituents more
fully. I hope Edgars time in my Modesto office learning about casework,
constituent interaction and the legislative process will serve him well
into the future.
During his internship, Edgar helped
staff answer phones, responded to constituent questions, sent faxes, wrote
letters and assisted with anything you may have needed. Edgar hopes
to graduate in the near future and attend a rigorous law school, which
would be the starting block for his career in a law office. Capitol
Hill still might be in his future, as Edgar may eventually run for
office.
I am a believer in the need to devote unpaid time in
the field where you wish to work while in school in order to one day
attain your dream job, said Edgar. This experience has meant a lot to
me because I personally feel much closer to having the career that I
am currently studying for at California State University,
Stanislaus.
Edgar is the son of Gus and Mireya
Garcia.
Stay in touch with me on
Twitter ,
Facebook
and
YouTube
for more
frequent updates on my work, and if you have friends whod like to hear
more about what Im doing in Washington and in the Central Valley,
please encourage them to sign up for my
newsletter .
JEFF DENHAM
P.S. Did you catch my year in review?
Heres a
video update
I created to share some
of the key things I focused on in 2013 and a few of my legislative
priorities moving forward.
If the
California High-Speed Rail Authority cannot secure the private and state funds
they promised voters they would in Prop 1A, should the rail project
still be built?
Yes No Should the federal government
continue to fund the high-speed rail project if the Authority cannot
secure matching funds from the state of California?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
