 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH
DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear David,
Each day I hear from constituents in Floridas 12th Congressional
district who are experiencing the negative impacts of Obamacare.
Contrary to the very promises the law was sold on, my constituents have lost
their healthcare coverage, have seen their premiums rise and were
forced to choose new doctors. Now, theyre faced with concerns regarding
their personal information and whether it is compromised
all because
the Presidents signature law was never ready for prime
time.
The Administration sold Healthcare.gov as a one-stop shopping
experience, similar to Amazon or Travelocity. Instead, the American people
received a product that was hastily assembled and broken. The
websites security was never given the appropriate level of attention and
end-to-end testing to ensure the website was protected. Furthermore,
security concerns from the Chief Information Security Officer at the
Department of Health and Human Services, who suggested a delay of the
websites launch, were ignored and disregarded.
Privacy in the
healthcare realm is typically governed by the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act. However, while HIPAA applies to
physicians, hospitals and insurance companies, it does not apply to HHS or the
federally run exchanges. Therefore, the millions of Americans who were
forced to use the exchanges to avoid Individual Mandate fines,
including myself, are now potential victims of identity theft.
VIDEO: Bay News 9: Bilirakis Legislation Would Strengthen Obamacare Website
Security
Furthermore, data notification
is critical to maintaining security, and individuals should be
notified when their personal information could be compromised. Yet, in the
final rules HHS published in August, it did not finalize a data breach
notification rule. Instead, it stated that it is up to CMS [Center
for Medicare and Medicaid Services] to determine whether a risk of harm
exists and if individuals need to be notified. A government
bureaucrat should not decide if the loss of personally identifiable information
constitutes harm.
Congressional oversight has uncovered
facts that raise serious concerns regarding the security of the
healthcare laws exchanges. Coupled with the multiple Energy and Commerce
Committee hearings held with Administration officials, who have
misrepresented the functionality and readiness of Healthcare.gov, these raise
serious questions regarding the security of personal information
contained in the website. While the Administration insists no successful
security attacks have occurred on the website, reports have revealed
that individuals personal information has been disclosed and accessed by
other individuals. Furthermore, it is unknown how many breaches have
occurred, because there is no public disclosure
requirement.
Therefore, I introduced the One Hour Notification Act in December to
protect the privacy of hardworking Americans. This legislation would
require HHS to notify individuals within one hour of learning of a
data breach
the standard notification timeline HHS requires for its own
data sharing agreements. The One Hour Notification Act would also
require HHS to notify Congress in a timely manner when a data breach
occurs and provide an annual report to Congress on data breaches and
strategies being implemented to mitigate risks. This legislation assumes,
however, that the cybersecurity standards within the website are
stringent enough to detect breaches.
Last week, the U.S. House of
Representatives passed the
Health Exchange Security and Transparency Ac t , a
bill of which I was an original co-sponsor. This legislation pulls from
legislation, like the One Hour Notification Act, to provide greater
security to hardworking Americans. It will also bring accountability and
transparency to the Administration and the healthcare
exchanges.
I strongly urge my colleagues in the Senate to take swift
action and similarly take up this bill, so that we may pass it into
law.
Sincerely,
Gus
Bilirakis
Member of Congress
Please
Note:
The above op-ed appeared in
Red Alert Politics
on Wednesday,
January 8.
Last week the Washington Post named
Congressman Bilirakis one of the "12 Lawmakers to Watch in January," because
of the work he has done to strengthen the security of individuals'
personal information under Obamacare. To view the feature on Congressman
Bilirakis,
click the icon
below .
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 