
A Message from Congressman Paul Broun
Hello All,
This is U.S. Congressman Paul Broun wishing all of y'all a happy and safe holiday season!
Merry Christmas,
Broun Around District 10
Jefferson Hospital
Broun chats with hospital medical staff during his tour of Jefferson Hospital
Friday, December 20th, Congressman Broun visited Jefferson Hospital in Louisville, GA. Broun toured the hospital and spoke to hospital administrative and
medical staff about how Obamacare is affecting small and rural hospitals in Georgia.
Taliaferro Farm Bureau
Taliaferro Farm Bureau in Crawfordville, GA
Earlier that Friday, Broun hosted "Coffee with your Congressman" at the Taliaferro Farm Bureau in Crawfordville, GA. Broun joined Crawfordville locals for coffee and conversation. Broun discussed his plan to repeal and replace Obamacare with his Patient OPTION Act, which would provide affordable healthcare for all Americans.
M.E. Lewis Elementary
Broun Poses with Ms. Evans' 5th Grade Class
Last Friday, Broun also had the opportunity to stop by M.E. Lewis Elementary School to visit Ms. Krystal Evans' 5th Grade Class. Ms. Evans was gracious enough to take a break from exam review to allow Congressman Broun to say hello to her students and hand out pocket sized copies of the U.S. Constitution and a little Christmas candy.
Quick Links
Press &amp; Events
Broun Visits Jefferson Hospital. Talks Heathcare
"They're going to get more and more cuts to their budgets because of the low reimbursement rate from the federal government,"
said Broun.
"They're just not going to be able to stay in business because they're not going to have the revenue to stay in business."
Broun Opposes Ryan-Murray Deal
Our nation is currently grappling with over $17 trillion in debt, representing more than $54,000 owed for each American
and yet the Ryan-Murray budget deal does nothing to address this issue.
It simply feeds Washingtons spending addiction,
said Rep. Broun."
Broun Reminds Colleagues that Obamacare Cannot be Fixed
"Just last week, the House passed a symbolic bill that merely nibbled at the edges of the problems caused by Obamacare. But, you cannot fix a law that will cripple our economy, increase our nations debt, and limit healthcare options for millions of Americans."
Press Releases
Click below to read recent Press Releases.
Multimedia
BROUN'S 4-WAY TEST
I am committed to protecting the constitutional rights and pocketbooks of every American. I will apply the following four-way test to every piece of legislation that comes before the House for a vote:
Is it Right/Moral?
Is it Constitutional?
Is it Necessary?
Is it Affordable?
Connect
RSS Feed
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Washington D.C.
2437 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4101
Fax: 202-226-0776
Athens
3706 Atlanta Hwy, Ste 2
Athens, GA 30606
Phone: 706-549-9588
Fax: 706-549-9590
