
Thank you for subscribing to my e-newsletter. I'm pleased to provide this e-newsletter as an additional way for me to keep in touch with Central Washington residents. I hope you find it informative and I encourage you to forward it to any co-workers or friends who might be interested in
signing up themselves
to receive periodic updates in the future.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. If I can ever be of any assistance to you, please contact my office at (509) 543-9396 or visit my website at
www.hastings.house.gov . You can also like me on
Facebook
and follow me on
Twitter .
Sincerely,
TOP NEWS
Hastings Has Serious Concerns About the Final Listing of Two Plants As Endangered Species
Last Thursday, December 19th, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service announced it would list two plants, the Umtanum desert buckwheat and the White Bluffs bladderpod, as endangered and designated over 2,700 acres of federally owned land in Franklin and Benton Counties as critical habitat.
While its encouraging that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has backtracked and now will not designate 419 acres of private property in Franklin County as critical habitat for these sub-species of plants, I have serious concerns about how the Services underlying decision to list the plants as endangered was reached,
said Hastings, who chairs the House Natural Resources Committee with jurisdiction over the Endangered Species Act (ESA) .
The Service agreed, behind closed doors, to a deadline with litigious groups to list the bladderpod this year as part of its mega-settlement of numerous lawsuits and its clear that nothingnot even new, contradictory independent sciencewas going to stop them.
Hastings
highlighted
the Service's latest decision as a concrete example of how the 40-year-old ESA is in need of reform.
Hastings Visits Local Small Businesses and Hears Firsthand Concerns About Obamacare
Last week, Hastings visited several small businesses in Yakima and Richland to hear firsthand concerns on the impacts of implementing Obamacare. Many small business owners are struggling to make the best decisions for their employees and their company due to the continued uncertainty surrounding the "train wreck" implementation of President Obama's healthcare mandate. Throughout the nation, small businesses are seeing significant cost increases for healthcare premiums, forcing employers to consider cutting workers' hours or healthcare coverage altogether. Last month, Hastings
spoke on the House Floor
and shared the story of Gary from Yakima
one of many stories Hastings has received from constituents who are now suffering from these new healthcare mandates. Late last Thursday night, the Obama Administration unilaterally delayed yet another provision of Obamcare. House Republicans continue to push for a one-year delay of the law for all Americans and have offered solutions to allow Americans to keep their healthcare plans. The White House's actions clearly prove Obamacare is not ready for implementation nationwide.
FDA Will Make Revisions to Food Safety Rule
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) last Thursday announced it will make revisions to several sections of its proposed rule governing the Standards for the Growing, Harvesting, Packing and Holding of Produce for Human Consumption, including the water quality standards and testing provisions.
I am encouraged by the news today from the FDA that they will be making changes to the proposed water quality standards and testing provisions included in their draft food safety regulations, which in their current form are unworkable, unnecessary, and could force Central Washington growers out of business
said Hastings .
I hope that these changes will take into account the level of risk and the growing conditions of different types of crops. While I am reserving judgment until I see their new proposal, Im pleased that the FDA has officially committed to allowing more input from the public on any new changes they propose.
In November, Hastings
sent a letter
to FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg expressing concern over these draft regulations. Earlier in November, Hastings and Rep. Greg Walden (R-Ore.) met with FDA officials, where Deputy Commissioner Mike Taylor committed to address growers' concerns about the proposed regulations and to provide additional opportunity for farmers to give input prior to the rule being finalized.
Wishing you happiness and joy during this holiday season and throughout the coming year.
Congressman Doc Hastings
Pictured is your 2013 Capitol Christmas Tree, an 88-foot tall Engelman Spruce selected from the Colville National Forest in Washington state.
WEEKLY MESSAGE
December 20, 2013
Making Improvements to the Columbia River Treaty
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
Doc Hastings Visits Local Business About Health Care
KNDO News
Doc Hastings Discusses Affordable Care Act
KAPP News
Congressman Doc Hastings Makes First Visit to Hanford Reach Interpretive Center Site
KNDU News
Bladderpod to be listed as protected species on federal lands
Tri City Herald
U.S. stakes out position on Columbia River Treaty
Associated Press
Congressman urges consumers to be alert to identity thieves
Walla Walla Union Bulletin
CONNECT WITH DOC
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
RSS
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1203 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-5816 | Fax: (202) 225-3251
TRI-CITIES OFFICE
2715 St. Andrews Loop, Suite D
Pasco, WA 99301
(509) 543-9396 | Fax: (509) 545-1972
YAKIMA OFFICE
402 E. Yakima Avenue, Suite 760
Yakima, WA 98901
(509) 452-3243 | Fax: (509) 452-3438
Click Here Click Here