
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
January 17, 2014
Dear Friend,
Ive had a busy week in
Washington focused on Californias high-speed rail project. On
Wednesday, I chaired a
hearing
to discuss the state
of the California High-Speed Rail Authoritys (Authority) plan for
this multi-billion dollar project. After five years filled with cost
overruns, lawsuits, lost promises of immediate job creation and reduced
expectations, the Authoritys plan comes nowhere close to matching what
voters narrowly approved in 2008s Proposition 1A.
Under
the grant agreement between the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA)
and the Authority, federal spending must be matched by state bonds.
To date, the federal government has committed roughly $3.4 billion to
the project. In November, Sacramento judge Michael Kenny denied the
Authoritys funding plan and ruled that the Authority could not issue
their requested roughly $10 billion in Prop 1A bonds. The ruling leaves
the Authority with no path forward to generate the state money which is
required under the FRA agreement.
During Wednesdays
hearing, testimony from Ms. Karen Hedlund, Deputy Administrator of the
Federal Railroad Administration, and Ms. Alissa Dolan of the
Congressional Research Service confirmed that should the Authority default on its
commitment to provide state funds for the rail project, the federal
government would withhold funds for other key California
needs.
Here's a video
of my questions to Ms. Dolan and her
testimony.
This is about priorities. Continued spending of
federal dollars on high-speed rail when the California High-Speed
Rail Authority has no viable method of generating state funds puts all
federal money for the state of California in jeopardy. The federal
government can and would withhold money for other top infrastructure
priorities, such as education and water, from the state of California,
should the state fail to provide state funds. To this end, I introduced a
bill yesterday with the support of every member of our states
Republican delegation to
suspend federal spending on
high-speed rail
until non-federal funds are secured. You can
read the bill text here .
As part of my
efforts to get your feedback on California high-speed rail, I took to
Twitter on Tuesday for a townhall meeting. I had a productive discussion
with many 10th district residents and I look forward to holding more
Twitter townhalls in future months. While I always try to hold in-person
meetings when Im home in the district, an online gathering like the
one I held this week is one way I can stay connected more frequently.
Please
follow me on Twitter
for regular
updates on upcoming meetings and my work in Congress on your behalf. If
youd like to see the conversation that took place during Tuesdays
meeting, please search Twitter using the hashtag
#CAHSR
or visit my page.
On Wednesday I supported an
omnibus appropriations bill that directs spending for each individual
federal department. Unlike some who would prefer an open checkbook, I
support this appropriations bill because it contains significant reforms
to our spending programs. It provides certainty for the remainder of
the fiscal year and cuts discretionary spending for the fourth straight
year. This common-sense plan gives Congress the opportunity to focus
our attention on other vital priorities, such as our continued efforts
to pass job-creating legislation and our work to enact pro-growth
economic reforms.
We also passed a bill on Thursday to
require the Health and Human Services Department (HHS) to issue weekly
reports on health insurance enrollments taking place through
Healthcare.gov. This legislation, which I supported, is designed to increase
transparency of the website and ensure that the Administration share
information with Congress about the problems that continue to plague the
website. I will continue to work to repeal the Affordable Care Act and
replace it with patient-focused reforms.
I participated in a
hearing of the
House Armed Services committees
Military Personnel subcommittee
on Thursday, where I was able to
ask Department of Defense representatives firsthand what impact they
thought my bill,
the ENLIST Act , might have on
their recruiting practices. The ENLIST Act would allow otherwise qualified
undocumented immigrants who want to serve in our military to earn
citizenship through their service. As a veteran who served with many
immigrants, I cannot think of a better way to display your love for your
country than through military service.
I met with Alex
Ott, Barry Bedwell and Todd Sanders, who represent the California Apple
Commission, California Blueberry Commission and California Grape and
Tree Fruit League, to hear more about their members priorities for the
upcoming year and their goals concerning immigration
reform.
Stopped for a picture with
Alex, Barry and Todd in a hallway off of the House floor on
Thursday.
Beyond Twitter, I share
news via
Facebook ,
YouTube , and
Instagram . Please connect with me online for
more frequent updates on my work, and invite your friends to sign up for
my newsletter.
I hope you have a wonderful long weekend
and enjoy celebrating Monday in remembrance of Martin Luther King, Jr.,
whose tireless efforts towards his dream of equality for all will
never be forgotten.
JEFF DENHAM
P.S. My
YouTube channel has more videos from Wednesdays high-speed rail hearing.
Check them out here .
What is your view towards the omnibus bill we passed this
week? Cuts too much
spending Cuts too little
spending Makes appropriate
cuts Do you
believe that otherwise qualified undocumented immigrants who want to
serve in our military should be able to earn citizenship through
service?
Yes No Do you support suspending federal
spending for high-speed rail until sufficient non-federal funding, as
promised in Proposition 1A in 2008, is secured?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
DC office:
1730
Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F:
202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 