
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing the 36th District
December 15, 2013
The Hill Report
Congressman Steve Stockman's Weekly
Newsletter
Stockman Votes No on Budget
Sellout
Congressman Stockman: "I voted NO on the terrible
budget deal on Thursday, that explodes the spending caps, balloons the
deficit and betrays conservatives and the Constitution.
"It
is now up to the Senate to stop this. Conservative senators must use
every legislative tool at their disposal to block this bill. Americans
will be watching to see who leads, and who follows the D.C.
establishment by allowing a vote."
Stockman Blocking
Amnesty
This week the
Vice
President
predicted the House will bow to
the President and pass amnesty for illegal immigrants. Hopefully Biden
will be proven wrong. President Obama is determined to force amnesty
on Americans, and together with Sen. Reid, is planning an offensive in
the new year.
Congressman Stockman has led the fight to
successfully block amnesty with the "Blue Slip" and
other legislative strategies, and you can count on the
Congressman to continue to lead the fight to block any attempt to pass
amnesty.
Congressional Deaf Awareness Briefing
Congressman Stockman held the
Congressional Deaf
Awareness Briefing
this week, with the support of Representatives Kevin
Yoder and Mike Rogers. The briefing highlighted the deaf interns and
staffers who work for Congress, and ways to increase employment
opportunities for the deaf.
Stockman has led the way in the House
of Representativeas in providing positions for the deaf, and he
currently has nine deaf interns currently on his staff. the Congressman is
passionate about encouraging others to provide workplace
opportunities.
Unemployment for the deaf is very high, and it is often easy for
businesses and organizations to overlook the deaf who need jobs and are eager
to work.
The panel of deaf interns included eight students
from Gallaudet University who currently work for Congressman Stockman.
They stressed how rewarding the experience is while working
seamlessly with the other interns who are not hard of hearing. Stockman finds
each intern has their own set of strengths and work well together on
Team Stockman.
Battleship Texas Pearl Harbor
Day Commemoration
On December 7,
the
Battleship Texas State Historic
Site
and the San Jacinto Chapter of the Pearl Harbor Survivors'
Association
commemorated the attack on Pearl Harbor.
The attack on Pearl Harbor
is a lesson that we must be ever-vigilent in this dangerous world.
Attacks on the U.S. will occur due to our weakness or ignoring
threats.(photo credit
Battleship
Texas State Historic Site)
South Sudan
The Foreign Minister and the Ambassador of
South Sudan, along with other high officials met this week with the
Congressman's Foreign Affairs Advisor, discussing efforts to rebuild roads
and provide essential services in this war-ravaged new nation, which
declared independence two years ago.
Before being elected to Congress, the Congressman personally
organized a medical relief mission to South Sudan, and saw first-hand
the challenges and opportunities there.
Space News
Space Station Cooling System
Problem
A cooling pump on the
International Space Station developed a problem this week, forcing a cut
in power for the station and limits on
activities.
Astronauts are working to
resolve the problem, which may involve one or more spacewalks. There
is no danger to the astronauts or the station at present.
Deregulating Space
Contracting
The bill to help end expensive set-asides known as "termination
liability" was finally passed by the Seience Committee, after a week's
delay from objections by the Democrats. The bill will save money and help
speed up work on our next generation of spacecraft.
Training Private Astronauts
Congressman Stockman met this week with
Waypoint2Space, a company in the 36th District which will train private
astronauts and space tourists. They will be building a training facility which
will provide more jobs to the region, and benefit the growing
commercial space market.
New Baby!
The Congressman's scheduler, Kristine
Nichols, had a wonderful baby girl last week; meet
Chloe!
Please welcome the newest addition to
the family of Steve's staff!
Connect
with Steve:
If you arent already following
Congressman Stockman on the web and social media, get connected for the
latest news and commentaries!
www.Stockman.House.gov
www.Facebook.com/CongressmanStockman
www.Twitter.com/SteveWorks4You
www.Youtube.com/SteveStockmanTX
District Offices
8060 Spencer Highway, Building 1, Suite 108
Pasadena, TX 77505 - (281) 478 2799
907 E. Houston St. Cleveland, TX 77327 - (409) 883
8028
420 Green Avenue
Orange, TX 77630 - (409) 883 8075
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from
my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
