
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
January 12, 2014
Friends,
Congress just wrapped up its first week back in session,
but we all know that the big news in town is the Panthers' run to
the Super Bowl ended much too soon . When I ran for Congress, I
promised I would never shy away from going toe-to-toe with Washington
Democrats and Im certainly not about to stop now. Last week, Nancy
Pelosi got a little ahead of herself and talked like it was a guarantee
her Niners were going to the Super Bowl so I said
enough is enough
- I put our Panthers up against the Niners.
Unfortunately, the Panthers lost a tough game.
But at least we have an
excuse to share with our West Coast colleagues some of the best our
state has to offer: Bojangles chicken, Lance crackers, and
Cheerwine .
Unfortunately, the
outcome of this bet didn't change the fact that many of her partys
policies remain in place, which is why
we must commit ourselves to
working even harder this year to fully repealing Obamacare and rolling
back their liberal
agenda .
Obamacare continues to be an absolute disaster.
We have
seen the devastating effects all over the country, but especially at
home in North Carolina where the amount of people receiving cancellation
notices outnumbers jobs that are being created. I go home every
weekend and travel the district to talk to businesses who say that they are
sitting on capital, and are scared to expand and hire people because
they dont know what the costs of health care are going to be.
The uncertainty that this awful law creates is throwing a wet blanket
on job creation at a time when we desperately need it.
The
December jobs report released this week confirmed that over 91 million
people are out of work and that the labor force participation rate is
the lowest since 1978.
The
bottom line is that Obamacare is also destroying our health care
system.
Premiums are skyrocketing, squeezing more of peoples
take-home pay and making it harder for them to make ends meet. Folks write
and call my office every day telling me they can barely put food on
the table because their premiums are increasing and destroying their
budget. Some people are working two and three jobs just to pay for health
care, while others simply cannot afford it because all they can find
are part-time jobs. After what Politifact deemed the Lie of the
Year, but might actually be in the running for the Lie of the Century,
thousands of people are tragically receiving cancellation notices,
leaving them in impossibly difficult
situations.
These are just a few reasons why I am so committed to
repealing this law in its entirety and replacing it with real,
patient-centered reforms that expand access to quality health care while actually
lowering costs.
We must get rid of this disastrous law
because at the end of the day this is all about people. This country can
and must do better. What is happening to folks in North Carolina and
across the country is not only an economic catastrophe, but a human
tragedy.
We have a moral responsibility to get people back to
work
so that they can pursue their dreams and aspirations and care
for themselves and their
families.
In the meantime, however, I will take every opportunity I have to
protect my constituents as much as I can from the threat this law poses
and restore some basic fairness. This week, the House passed a bill
that enhances the data security on the federal exchange website and
provides greater accountability for the federal government.
Right
now, millions of Americans are at risk and there is no accountability
in the event of a data breach. So what this bill does is demand greater
security measures to protect your information and put that
accountability in place so that if peoples personal information is lost, those
folks have to be notified.
The federal government thinks that
businesses should live by that standard. The federal government says
that states who set up their own exchanges have to live by that
standard.
Well I say, the federal government must also live by that
standard.
Its really that
simple.
I see no reason why the Senate should not pass
this bill and the President sign it immediately. Its what is right
and fair for the American
people.
Until next week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
Last Thursday, I took to the House floor to discuss
the devastating effect that Obamacare is having on people in North
Carolina and all across the country. Click the image to view my full
remarks.
_______________________
In November of last
year, I joined a bipartisan group of my colleagues urging Secretary
Vilsack and Director Burwell to take necessary steps to ensure that the
Tobacco Transition Payment Program (TTPP) is not subject to FY2014
sequestration cuts. I am pleased with their decision last week to protect
this user-funded program. Read my statement:
http://1.usa.gov/1faYG7P
_______________________
Last
week, I had the privilege of speaking on the important role that faith
has played in my life.
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
