
January 13, 2014
David Doherty
1032 W Sheridan Rd
Chicago, Illinois 60660
Dear David:
There are no more important issues considered by Congress than the
questions of war and peace.
This morning, I spoke of the importance of
giving diplomacy a chance to succeed
with Iran.
You can view the video
of my speech here
or read it
below. To prevent a nuclear-armed Iran and to ensure the safety of our
families, a measurable, verifiable negotiated agreement is the wiser
course over the unknowable, unlimited risk of war.
Click here to view my remarks.
Next Monday, January 20, when our country honors the life and legacy of
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Iran will roll back parts of its nuclear
program as negotiations begin on a permanent agreement. Hope for a
nonviolent resolution of our conflict with Iran will appropriately
advance on a day honoring nonviolence.
There is no guarantee that diplomacy will ultimately achieve the final
verifiable agreement that we require, but just as I do not trust Iran, I
do not trust war as the way to prevent a nuclear Iran. We must make
every reasonable effort to give diplomacy a chance to succeed.
Please keep me advised of any federal matters on which I may be of
assistance.
Sincerely,
Lloyd Doggett
Subscribe to Lloyd's List
Like Congressman Lloyd
Doggett on Facebook
Follow Congressman Lloyd Doggett on Twitter
January 13, 2014
Remarks by Rep. Lloyd Doggett
U.S. House of Representatives
Next Monday, when our country honors an apostle of nonviolence, Dr.
Martin Luther King, Jr., Iran will begin reducing its nuclear stockpile.
This important action is part of an international agreement to begin
implementing the interim Joint Plan of Action that was announced in
November.
Hope for a nonviolent resolution of our conflict with Iran
will appropriately advance on a day that honors nonviolence.
Some in Congress have been unwilling to accept these negotiations or to
acknowledge that the Administration has been successful in uniting other
countries around the world in enforcing sanctions against Tehran.
Indeed, in what appears to have been largely a partisan outcry, some of
our colleagues condemned the November agreement late on the Saturday
night when it was announced without knowing what was in it other than
President Obama had approved it.
As a Member myself who has consistently voted here to impose tough
economic sanctions on Iran, I believe those sanctions have worked. The
choice is not between sanctions and no sanctions. It is between
recognizing that our sanctions have the potential to realize our goals
and not give up on them without really trying.
The Iranians are well
aware that this Congress can act almost instantly to add even more
stringent sanctions if they waver from diplomacy.
Can we trust the current Iranian regime?
Of course not. That is why the
painstaking task of verifying every operational detail of any final
agreement is so important.
If done with the thoroughness required, this
is a task that may well take more than six months.
But as negotiations
for a permanent agreement get underway, we will have new, regular
inspections to verify compliance-something we have not had in the past.
To prevent a nuclear-armed Iran and to ensure the safety of our families
and families around the world, a measurable, verifiable negotiated
agreement is the wiser course over the unknowable, unlimited risk of
war.
Those who would intrude on these fragile negotiations now only increase
the danger of Iran becoming a nuclear-armed power.
They would undermine
the international coalition that has enforced the existing sanctions.
And they would empower those hardline ayatollahs, giving them a pretext
to stop progress, giving that to the very people who reject any
cooperation and regularly demand death to America and death to Israel.
Congress must not impede the diplomatic alternative to war. Ultimately,
diplomacy may not be successful, it may not achieve a final verifiable
agreement, but we should make every reasonable effort toward that end.
There are no more important issues considered in this Capitol building,
undertaken by this Congress than the questions of war and peace.
Just
as I do not trust Iran, I do not trust war as the best way to prevent a
nuclear Iran.
And war is the true alternative offered by those here who
would interfere or limit these negotiations.
Starting a war in Iraq
cost us so very dearly, and it did not make us safer. Let's not repeat
that deadly mistake.
Congress should commend Secretary of State John Kerry, Under Secretary
Wendy Sherman, and President Barack Obama for their leadership through
tough, persistent diplomacy through the wise use of American power.
###
