
A Message from Congressman Paul Broun
Broun Travels to Augusta VAMC for Oversight Visit
Broun Poses Question to Staff at Charlie Norwood VAMC
Monday, January 6th, Congressman Broun traveled to the Charlie Norwood VA Medical Center in Augusta, GA. This oversight visit was the result of multiple preventable deaths at the facility, along with reports of delay in care. Broun joined Chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, Jeff Miller (FL-01), as well as several other members of the Georgia delegation to determine the cause of mishandled care at the facilities.
Broun looks on as Chairman Miller questions VAMC Staff
We must identify what went wrong and waste no time in remedying the situation so that we may thwart tragedies like this in the future. As a nation, it is essential that we be diligent in providing the best possible care for the men and women who have served this country, and it is unacceptable for this issue to continue to be overlooked,
said Broun in a statement prior to his visit.
As a medical doctor, I do not take reports of delay in care lightly. During this visit, the circumstances of these deaths will be put under the microscope, and I intend to be scrupulous in identifying the cause.
Broun responds to press following the VAMC visit
During the panel's Q&amp;A, hospital staff reported that the backlog of nearly 5,000 unresolved gastrointestinal consultations had been eliminated. While this is an improvement, Chairman Miller and the rest of the panel did not stop searching for answers. Requests were made for copies of all performance reviews, pay bonuses and disciplinary actions filed since 2007. Miller has given the VA 30 days to respond to their requests for those answers.
It is not enough for the VA to simply recognize that there is a problem and fix it,
said Broun.
When veterans are losing their lives, we cannot allow for blame to be absorbed by the VA as a whole, but rather seek out exactly who was involved in these serious missteps in patient care and hold those individuals accountable for their mistakes.
Rescheduled: "Coffee with your Congressman" in Lincolnton
I am happy to be kicking off the New Year by visiting with the folks of Lincolnton,
said Broun.
It was disappointing to have to reschedule the original event, but I am very much looking forward to having a cup of coffee and touching base with the residents in and around Lincolnton. I hope all of yall will make it out to this event, and I welcome you to speak your minds about whatever issues are affecting you the most - I will come ready to listen.
What:
Coffee with your Congressman
Who:
U.S. Congressman Paul Broun and
10 th
District Residents
When:
Tuesday, January 21 st
2014 at 8:00 AM
Where:
Hardees Restaurant
112 Elm Court
Lincolnton, GA 30817
Click Here for More Info
Quick Links
Press &amp; Events
VA backlog gone, accountability issues remain
Physicians Thank Congressman Paul Broun for Patient OPTION Act, HR 2900
Association of American Physicians and Surgeons Endorses Brouns Patient OPTION Act
At a time when the American medical system is facing its destruction at the hands of Obamacare, AAPS commends Dr. Paul Broun for his advocacy on behalf of patients and doctors, said Executive Director of AAPS, Dr. Jane Orient."
Broun to Host Rescheduled Coffee with your Congressman in Lincolnton
"Broun had originally scheduled this event for October, but had to cancel after the partial government shutdown forced him to remain in Washington for votes."
Broun to Travel to Charlie Norwood VA Hospital for Oversight Visit
As a medical doctor, I do not take reports of delay in care lightly. During this visit, the circumstances of these deaths will be put under the microscope, and I intend to be scrupulous in identifying the cause.
Press Releases
Click below to read recent Press Releases.
Multimedia
BROUN'S 4-WAY TEST
I am committed to protecting the constitutional rights and pocketbooks of every American. I will apply the following four-way test to every piece of legislation that comes before the House for a vote:
Is it Right/Moral?
Is it Constitutional?
Is it Necessary?
Is it Affordable?
Connect
RSS Feed
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Washington D.C.
2437 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4101
Fax: 202-226-0776
Athens
3706 Atlanta Hwy, Ste 2
Athens, GA 30606
Phone: 706-549-9588
Fax: 706-549-9590
Click Here Click Here