
Grateful for an American Legend
By: U.S. Congressman Sam Johnson
This year marks the 40 year anniversary of the end of the Vietnam War and the release of American Prisoners of War.
For my return to freedom and family, I feel eternally grateful this Thanksgiving.
You see, I spent nearly seven years in captivity in Hanoi, Vietnam, more than half of that time in solitary confinement.
I urge you to not take this special time of gratitude and family for granted.
Despite our captors beating the living daylights out of us POWs on a regular basis and insisting on treating us far worse than animals, we did experience some high notes -- if you could call them that
especially enduring friendships.
One of my dear friends from my time as a POW was a military giant who just recently went home to meet our good Lord and Savior, Robbie Risner.
Long before Robbie retired as a highly decorated brigadier general, Robbie ranked among one of the most celebrated fighter pilots in the United States Air Force.
An ace in Korea, Robbie shot down eight MiGs, and received the Silver Star for a life-threatening midair action to steer a fellow pilot to safety.
In the tight knit Air Force community of fighter pilots, Robbie seemed larger than life.
During the Vietnam War, Robbie led the charge for Operation Rolling Thunder, a high-intensity aerial bombing of North Vietnam.
In April 1965, Time Magazine featured Robbie on the cover for his bravery, valor and accomplishments.
On September 16, 1965, during a raid over North Vietnam, Robbies plane took enemy ground fire.
Forced to eject, Robbie was taken captive.
Because of that Time Magazine cover story, Robbie would become one of the highest profile U.S. POWs of the Vietnam War.
He endured more than seven years in Hoa Lo prison
dubbed the Hanoi Hilton - before his release in 1973.
As I write this, I can recall how I first met Robbie in Vietnam
if you could even call it that.
Robbie was kept in a cell by himself, but adjacent to other POWs, Jeremiah Denton and Jim Mulligan and me.
While I didnt know Robbie yet, I considered us as close as brothers since wed been communicating by leaving notes in the shower.
A legendary story about Robbie dates back to New Years Eve 1971.
We POWs in Room Seven decided to defy our captors and hold a church service.
They hated that we found unity and strength in God and one another.
Robbie offered to quote some Bible verses, and then asked ME to sing a Christmas carol.
Oh no, I said.
Despite my protests that my wife Shirley wouldnt even let me sing in church, I prayed for help and started Silent Night.
Shortly after heavily armed guards broke up our forbidden religious service and hustled out 23 POWs for more torture and solitary confinement; Robbie was one of the 23.
The only way I could describe Robbies departure for promised torture was the dramatic and heart-wrenching end to the award-winning movie Life is Beautiful when the father waves good-bye to his son.
As Robbie was dragged out, his spirit remained as we started riots when we started singing the Battle Hymn of the Republic and God Bless America.
In a way, Robbie created the uprising of song and faith.
This remains one of my most cherished memories in what could only be called Hell on Earth.
Despite the gruesome torture that ensued, Robbie later went on to recall how he felt after our defying make-shift church service.
With the moxie and tenacity of a fighter pilot, Robbie declared that he felt nine feet tall and could have gone bear hunting with a switch.
His statement of bravery is forever memorialized by a statue at the Air Force Academy dedicated in his honor.
To be sure, the statue stands nine feet tall.
Robbie was one of a kind.
As we mark the 40 year anniversary of Operation Homecoming this year, I hope you can share a story about Robbie and his bravery with your loved ones this month.
As we ponder the blessings of service and sacrifice of those who wear the uniform
especially on Thanksgiving
we can only humbly acknowledge we are the land of the free BECAUSE of the brave.
Thank you Robbie Risner for being a class act patriot, an outstanding fighter pilot and long-time faithful friend.
God truly blessed me when he put you in my life. You will be sorely missed.
God bless you and God bless America.
*Similar version will be printed in Plano Star Courier's Sunday paper
Speaking of American patriots, I would like to invite you and your loved ones to celebrate the wartime service and peacetime community involvement of our hometown heroes during the annual Congressional Veterans Commendation (CVC) Ceremony.
The veterans nominated for the CVC award are truly exceptional Americans with incredible stories to tell, stories that need to be preserved for future generations.
The ceremony will be held on Saturday, December 14 at 3:00 p.m. CT at the John Anthony Theatre, Collin College Spring Creek Campus in Plano.
It is free and open to the public so come out and help us celebrate these special patriots.
More exciting information on the keynote speaker and new board members to follow.
Happy Thanksgiving.
Washington D.C. Office
1211 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4201
Texas Office
1255 W 15th Street, Suite 170
Plano, Texas 75075
Phone: (469) 304-0382
Fax: (469) 304-0392
Click Here Click Here