
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Aloha David,
Just one year ago, I had the privilege of being sworn in to the U.S. Congress to serve you as the representative for Hawai&lsquo;i&rsquo;s Second Congressional District. It has been an incredible honor to work hard every day on behalf of you and all of our communities in Hawai&lsquo;i.
While it has been a year with many frustrations and disappointments in Congress, I have been proud of what my team and I have been able to impact and accomplish this year both for Hawai&lsquo;i and our nation.
Here are just a few highlights of what we accomplished together in 2013:
Military and Veterans
Passed the first piece of legislation I introduced, and President Obama signed it into law in August. The
Helping Heroes Fly Act
serves to make the airport security screening process more dignified and streamlined for our severely injured and disabled veterans.
Worked to include more than
$400 million for military construction in Hawai&lsquo;i , which supports good local jobs and reaffirms Hawai&lsquo;i&rsquo;s strategic importance in the nation's focus on the Asia-Pacific region.
Introduced and pushed for the
Military Justice Improvement Act
to bring about justice for victims of sexual assault crimes within our ranks.
Co-sponsored a bill to
replace military pension cost-of-living adjustment cuts .
Stood in
strong opposition to a U.S. military intervention in Syria .
Growing our Economy
Fought against arbitrary, across-the-board spending cuts
which have hurt Hawai&lsquo;i&rsquo;s economy and worked to pass a budget to provide much-needed certainty to the economy and avert further government shutdowns.
Joined the Congressional Travel and Tourism Caucus
to work in support of our local tourism industry, and recognize the critical role they play in our state economy.
I also co-sponsored H.R. 1354, the JOLT Act, to expand and streamline access to visa services for Hawai&lsquo;i&rsquo;s international visitors and HR 1923 to include Hong Kong in the Visa Waiver Program.
Requested
additional funding for Hawai &lsquo; i Small Business and Development Centers , which provide an array of support to local entrepreneurs and small business owners to support business growth.
Co-sponsored H.R. 954, the Main Street Revival Act, which
allows small businesses to defer payment of payroll taxes
for one year after they hire their first employee and gives start-ups an opportunity to grow.
Civil Liberties and Social Justice
Co-sponsored the
USA FREEDOM Act
to reform the provision in the Patriot Act that has been widely blamed for the bulk collection of innocent Americans&rsquo; personal data.
Co-sponsored H.R. 15, the bipartisan legislation that accomplishes
comprehensive immigration reform
and
hosted an immigration reform forum in Hawai&lsquo;i .
Pushed for and co-sponsored
bipartisan, commonsense solutions to tackle specific improvements to the ACA .
Introduced a successful House amendment
to reauthorize the
Native Hawaiian Education Act , and promote culturally structured learning for our Native Hawaiian keiki.
Hawai&lsquo;i Priorities
Fought against increased airline security fees
for Hawai&lsquo;i contained in the Bipartisan Budget Act and wrote to Budget Committee leadership to show the outsized impact these fees have on people in Hawai&lsquo;i, since our residents have no choice but to use air transportation to go to work, get healthcare, and visit family and friends.
Stood in solidarity with federal workers and others by
returning my pay
to reflect the impacts of
arbitrary budget cuts
and the
government shutdown .
Introduced H.R. 1599, the
Rural Preventive Health Care Training Act of 2013 , to award grants and enter into contracts for preventive health care training of rural health care practitioners.
Co-sponsored legislation to require
labeling of genetically engineered foods , and also called for an
end to the Monsanto Protection Act .
Offered a successful amendment in the House to help
combat the devastating impacts of the Coffee Berry Borer
on our coffee crops. The amendment provides research assistance to domestic coffee farmers.
Co-sponsored the
Respect for Marriage Act , which would have repealed the discriminatory
Defense of Marriage Act , and encouraged Hawai&lsquo;i lawmakers to ensure fair and equal treatment for all of its citizens.
I also
launched the bipartisan Congressional Future Caucus
to create a platform for lawmakers and the public to engage and work toward long-term solutions to the challenges facing us, and our next generation, and to encourage innovation and technology as a way to grow our economy and improve government services.
Every day, I truly feel privileged to serve you in Congress. If you need assistance with a federal agency, have a question, or want to share an idea, my door is always open.
Mahalo nui loa me ka hau&lsquo;oli makahiki hou!
Tulsi Gabbard
Member of Congress (HI-02)
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington, D.C. Office
502 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4906
Office Hours: M-F 9-6 p.m.
Fax: (202) 225-4987
Honolulu District Office
300 Ala Moana Blvd.,
5-104 Prince Kuhio Bldg.
Honolulu, HI 96850
Phone: (808) 541-1986
Hours: M-F 8-5 p.m.
Fax: (808) 538-0233
Click Here
to be removed from this list
