
The discovery and use of antibiotics is widely regarded as one of the greatest human achievements of the last century. Unfortunately, the overuse of these antibiotics in agricultural livestock production is contributing directly to the emergence of antibiotic resistant &ldquo;superbugs&rdquo; that ultimately make their way into the public food supply.
In 2012 there were more outbreaks of antibiotic resistant Salmonella than any previous year. The most recent outbreak of Salmonella involving Foster Farms chicken has sickened over 360 people&mdash;40% of whom have been hospitalized due to the antibiotic resistant nature of the Salmonella strains involved.
I am
urging the Obama Administration and Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
to move forward with their proposed guidelines regarding non-therapeutic antibiotic use in farm animals. Current practices of administering low level doses of antibiotics to animals to increase weight gain and prevent disease due to filthy, overcrowded conditions are putting the public at risk. Every unnecessary dose increases the risks for all of us.
Among lawmakers, the medical and scientific communities, conservation groups, members of the agricultural industry, and the public, there is a growing sense of urgency to create a regulatory framework that reduces the overuse of antibiotics in livestock raised for human consumption. The Federal Drug Administration has been working on such regulations for over two years, and they are long overdue. I strongly urge
the Obama Administration and FDA to move forward on implementing such a framework without delay.
While these regulations are not as strong as the ones I would like, they are much better than the current lack of regulation.
We need to keep fighting for policies that make our food safer and healthier.
Sincerely,
Earl Blumenauer
Member of Congress
Please do not respond to this email.
Click here to contact me .
District Office
&bull; 729 N.E. Oregon Street &bull; Suite 115 &bull; Portland, OR 97232 &bull; Phone: (503) 231-2300
Washington D.C. Office
&bull; 1111 Longworth Building &bull; Washington, DC 20515 &bull; Phone: (202) 225-4811
Unsubscribe
