
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
December 29, 2013
Lynns Weekly Update: Happy New Year; Work Ahead in 2014;
Mental Health Awareness; Thank You
Interns
Happy New Year!
I hope each of you had a very merry
Christmas and are enjoying this wonderful holiday season. This past
year was a very productive one, and I am very thankful to my staff for
the work we accomplished in 2013. I am pleased to report my office was
able to complete more than 600 casework requests from Kansans seeking
help in navigating the bureaucratic avenues of our federal government,
and I answered nearly 48,000 of their letters and
correspondence. I also cosponsored 175 pieces of legislation and authored 13 bills
of my own to help rein in wasteful, Washington spending, reduce
burdensome regulations, create a better environment for job creation, support
rural hospitals and mental health resources, address the problems
with the presidents health care law, and protect Americans rights and
freedoms.
This past year, dysfunction and extreme partisan
rhetoric continued to plague Washington. However, I am proud of my work
with the
No Labels Problem Solvers Coalition
that has been able to help our leaders come together to find some common
ground without compromising our strongly held beliefs. Today, our
group has quadrupled in size and developed a legislative package to
address issues such as government waste. It is my hope this group will
continue to break down the gridlock in Washington.
Work
Ahead in 2014
Looking ahead, one of my top
priorities in 2014 will be passing a long-term farm bill. We
need certainty for our farmers and ranchers who feed our nation and we
must make sure the programs dedicated to taking care of our
nation's most vulnerable are adequate and sustainable. The House will
continue to lead on addressing the problems with the presidents
unaffordable, unworkable and unfair health care law. I will also
continue to work on what I believe is a ray of hope for business owners and
their hardworking employees: fundamental, pro-growth tax reform. Fixing
our broken tax code is an essential step to making our economy
stronger and creating more jobs with better pay. We need a code that is
simpler, fairer, and flatter for Americans and their
families.
And let us not forget our biggest challenge: out-of-control spending
and tackling our massive debt problem. I will continue to fight for
policies that will allow us to stop spending more money than we take
in, balance the budget, and get our economy back on track. These
problems cannot be solved over night, but we must start taking steps in the
right direction today.
Supporting Mental Health
Funding and Resources
I am committed to supporting
mental health awareness efforts and helping families have better access
to resources they need to help their loved ones struggling with mental
illness. I am a cosponsor of H.R. 274, the
Mental
Health First Aid Act
and H.R. 1263, the " Excellence in Mental Health Act , two bills that would
provide vital resources for mental health training, make these resources
more affordable, and increase access to community behavioral health
services for all Americans.
I recently joined Congressman
Ron Barber (AZ-02) to send a letter to the House Appropriations
Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and other related agencies
asking them to replace the existing, inefficient mental health first
aid program with the one outlined in the Mental Health First Aid Act
when considering funding levels for FY2014. This new program would train
individuals to safely ameliorate crisis situations, recognize the
signs and symptoms of mental illness, and refer people to mental health
services in the early stages of developing mental disorders so they can
avoid more costly behavioral health care down the road. Not only is
this new program an evidence-based education program, it actually saves
$5 million. As such, this new program would be a prudent investment in
mental health awareness for our
communities.
Thanks and Congratulations to My Congressional
Interns
I am proud to recognize my interns for their hard work in my
Washington, Topeka, and Pittsburg offices these past few months. Thank you for
your many contributions, and congratulations on completing your
congressional internship.
Aundrea Lira is a junior
studying mass communications and political science at Benedictine College
in Atchison. She is the daughter of Davis and Anita
Lira.
Michael Minnis is a recent graduate from the University of Dayton,
and will go on to work on the Senate floor for the Office of the Senate
Sergeant at Arms. He is the son of Stephen and Amy Minnis of
Atchison.
Tyler Jaspan is a senior studying political science
at the University of Kansas in Lawrence. He is the son of David Jaspan
and Carol Mullins.
Eli Johns is a senior studying
political science at Washburn University in Topeka and completed
internships in my Washington and Topeka offices. Eli is the son of Mike and Jean
Johns of Lone Elm.
Alexandra Yager, a recent graduate
from Pittsburg State University, also completed an extended internship
in my Pittsburg office. Alexandra is originally from Pittsburg as
well.
I wish you all the best in continuing your
educations and pursuing your future career paths. I look forward to hearing
about the good work you will continue to do for your local
communities and our great state of Kansas.
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you
are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
What do you think should be Congress' top priority right
now? Passing a budget Addressing ObamaCare's
problems Getting a Farm Bill
done Reforming the tax
code Other
If you
answered "Other" above, please explain below. *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
Washington, DC
Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg
Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka
Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 