
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR
DISTRICT
RESOURCES
December 27, 2013
Dear Friend,
As the calendar and legislative year come to an
end I would like to give you brief updates on major issues that we were
faced with in Congress.
At the end there is a brief survey that
will help me gain a better understanding of what issues are most
important to you and what youd like me to focus on in the next
legislative year.
I look forward to your input and wish you happy holidays
and a healthy new year!
Sections include
NY State of
Health ,
Farm Bill and Food Stamps ,
Sandy Related News and
Flood Insurance ,
JFK Airport ,
Gun Reform ,
Immigration Reform ,
Budget and Unemployment Insurance , and
Foreign Affairs .
NY State of
Health
New York States official health plan
marketplace, NY State of Health, is in full swing! As of last week over
350,000 New Yorkers have completed their applications and over a
hundred thousand have chosen their plans and coverage will begin for them
on January 1, 2014. This is a 34% increase in the enrollment rates from
December 9 and those who have purchased their health plan have seen a
53 percent decrease in their premium rates.
In addition to this
cost savings, it is estimated that nearly three-quarters of
individual enrollees will qualify for financial assistance.
If you
have not done so already please visit
https://nystateofhealth.ny.gov , call toll-free 1-855-355-5777, or in-person
through a navigator and sign up for healthcare
today!
Farm Bill and Food
Stamps
The House and Senate both passed their versions of the Farm Bill this
year and now conference committee deliberations are underway to come to
an agreement between these bills.
A major point of contention in
conference is undoubtedly the major disparity in funding for the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) or food stamps.
Over the 10-year budget window, the Congressional Budget Office estimates
that the Senate bill would cut spending for SNAP by approximately $4
billion and that the Houses version would reduce spending by
approximately $39 billion.
SNAP currently helps more than 48 million
Americans, nearly half of whom are children, meet their basic food needs.
This program has suffered enough already due to sequestration and at
the expense of millions of children and working families.
The
deep cuts to SNAP whether in the form budgetary reductions, categorical
eligibility calculations, new work-related requirements, or mandatory
drug testing are all unnecessary and unfair attacks against millions
of Americans who rely on these benefits to feed their
families.
Below is a statement I made on the House floor earlier this year
on the issue.
Sandy Related
News and Flood Insurance
Federal Funds
Approved to Rebuild Elevate and Reimburse Hurricane Sandy Storm
Victims
In response to Hurricane Sandy, Congress
appropriated funds to deal with several critical relief programs.
This
included almost $16 billion for New York City Community Development
Block Grants, which will enable disaster recovery funds.
I am
pleased that the first tranche of CDBG funding was allocated, and will
finally be disbursed.
I to thank, Sean Donovan, Secretary of the
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, who headed the
Hurricane Sandy Rebuilding Task Force set by President Obama for the input
and their approval.
The Mayor's Housing and Recovery
Operations - New York City Build it Back
Program
The New York City Build It Back Program which falls under the New York
City's Community Development Block Grant-Disaster Recovery (CDBG),
provides communities with resources to address a wide range of community
development needs as well as, to support recovery from Hurricane
Sandy, and to build resilience to the challenges of climate change and New
York City infrastructure and other city services. I am encouraged to
hear that all New Yorkers and interested parties have taken the
initiative to become better acquainted with this process. However, I feel the
pace of this program needs to be accelerated to meet the existing
needs.
FEMA Releases Preliminary Flood Insurance Rate
Maps for New York City
I am pleased the Federal
Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) released Preliminary Flood Insurance
Rate Maps (FIRMs) for New York City that reflect the latest
refinements to the ongoing analysis of flood hazards. This release is the next
step in the coastal Flood Insurance Study update. The Preliminary FIRMs
replace the Preliminary Work Maps for New York City that were
released earlier this year in June as an interim product. The new maps are
extremely important as FEMA and the City continue to work in partnership
to support resilient communities, and to avoid or reduce the loss of
life and property, and the financial impacts of flooding. The
Preliminary FIRMs reflect the same coastal flood risks as the Preliminary Work
Maps and have now been updated to include river flooding in the Bronx
and Staten Island. The release of the Preliminary FIRMs indicates the
first step in the official regulatory review process. The next step
is a statutory 90-day appeal and comment period, which is expected to
begin in Spring 2014.
Property owners and interested parties will
have the opportunity to appeal the Preliminary FIRMs by submitting
technical documentation to New York City during this period.
Once
the appeal period is over, and all appeals are resolved, FEMA will
issue a Letter of Final Determination (LFD) to the City that initiates
the six-month adoption period before the maps become effective.
Upon becoming effective, expected to occur in 2015, the new FIRMs will
determine flood insurance rates. In the meantime, to promote higher
standards for building performance and reduce potential future flood
insurance costs, New York City has revised the building code to require
the standards reflected in the Preliminary FIRMs for the construction of
new and substantially improved structures. Information on the comment
and appeals process and New York Citys updated building code is
available on
www.nyc.gov
Along with a
bipartisan coalition in Congress, I have negotiated and introduced a
solution to fix the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP).
The
Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2013 delays rate
increases for about four years for primary residences that are currently
grandfathered; for all properties sold after July 6, 2012; and for all
properties that purchased a new policy after July 6, 2012.
In
addition, as mandated by the Biggert-Waters bill, the bill directs FEMA to
complete an affordability study to ensure that the program remains
widely accessible and affordable to the many who are at risk of having
their payments
skyrocket.
JFK Airport
JFK Airport is an incredible
economic engine for our community, but something must be done about the
noise.
Thats why I recently cosponsored legislation that would
greatly reduce noise pollution created by aircraft.
The bill, known
as the Silent Skies Act, phases out louder aircraft engines and
supports the introduction of new technology that significantly reduces the
environmental impact of aircraft engine noise.
This will help
diversify and increase investment in the district, add value to our
homes, and improve the overall quality of living in
Queens.
Gun Reform
Neglecting
overwhelming public opinion and widespread acknowledgement that our
nation desperately needs to reform our gun laws, I believe the
Republican majority has chosen not to bring any significant gun legislation to
a vote. They have ignored every proposal aimed at improving our
nations gun laws, from expanding background checks to closing the gunshow
loophole. One bipartisan bill in particular introduced in the House,
H.R. 1565, the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Act,
addresses most of these shortcomings and has 186 bipartisan cosponsors. The
bill would provide much needed improvements to the background check
system including an upgrade to the criminal history record program that
will better identify violent individuals with a criminal history
attempting to purchase firearms, it would also institute the inclusion of
mental health records in background checks. Further, it would finally
close the gun show loophole requiring those that purchase weapons at
gun shows undergo background checks as well. Unfortunately, this
legislation has not been moved out of the Judiciary Committee.
In
2014, I hope Congress is given the opportunity to vote on meaningful gun
reform legislation that the nation
supports.
Immigration Reform
The Senate
passed a bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform bill earlier this
year, S. 744, the Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and
Immigration Modernization Act of 2013, by a substantial margin. However, Speaker
of the House John Boehner has not brought a comprehensive immigration
bill to the floor even though there is bipartisan support in Congress
to pass one. He adjourned the House of Representatives for the
remainder of the year without bringing a single piecemeal immigration reform
bill to the floor for a vote. I was inspired to see movement on
immigration reform on the Senate side, only to become sorely disappointed
when the Republican majority in the House refused to move forward with
this issue. In the upcoming year, I hope the Speaker of the House will
finally allow the House of Representatives to take a vote that will
address our nations flawed immigration
system.
Budget and Unemployment
Insurance
I voted in support of H.J. Res 59, the Bipartisan Budget Act of
2013, in spite of its many flaws.
The bill lifts the sequester
on government spending which made indiscriminate and damaging cuts to
programs like childhood education, public housing, and other vital
government services and replaces it with $63 billion dollars in additional
spending split almost evenly between non-defense and defense spending
over the next 10 years.
The budget agreement provides a welcome
departure from the recent 16-day government shutdown that slowed our
economic output and cost the economy $24 billion. My support of the
bipartisan budget resolution is not without deep reservations.
One
of its most critical shortcomings is its failure to extend
unemployment insurance for millions of struggling Americans. I urge Republican
leadership to act in time to prevent devastation to the many unemployed
Americans who need continued support as they look to recover from
difficult economic times.
Now is not the time to turn our backs on
those in our nation who are most in
need.
Foreign Affairs
I have cosponsored
a Resolution, H. Res 443, expressing the sense of the House of
Representatives regarding the September 23, 2013 decision of the Dominican
Republic Constitutional Court that places hundreds of thousands of
Dominican born persons (majority of which are of Haitian descent) at risk
of statelessness.
Over 240,000 Dominican-born people of
Haitian descent are at risk of harm from statelessness. This ruling, if
fully implemented, could greatly destabilize an already vulnerable
region.
I am deeply concerned about this potential humanitarian
crisis and hope that through the work of regional partners and nations, a
resolution is reached that respects international standards for basic
human rights.
Strengthening Transatlantic
Relations
November 25- 26 I traveled to Brussels and Berlin
with Senator Chris Murphy (D-CT) and Congressman Mario Diaz-Balart
(R-FL) to meet members of the German Bundestag and the European
Parliament.
During these visits, my colleagues and I discussed the
importance of maintaining a strong transatlantic alliance. We also
discussed the scope of U.S. intelligence collection and addressed a broad
spectrum of issues that represent the longstanding cooperation between the
United States and Europe, including current negotiations towards a
comprehensive, high-standard trade
agreement.
Engagement with a Rising Power - China
Along with other
members in the Congressional Black Caucus, I participated in a trip to
China, to discuss CBC priorities in foreign policy.
We raised
tough issues head on including Chinas poor human rights record that
involves suppressing challenges to the communist party, as well as
concerns about commercial cyber spying, and the intentions behind Chinas
military modernization.
We also discussed important areas of
cooperation, including U.S.-China efforts to revive the global economy, and
multilateral efforts to address tough issues like Iran and Syria
some of which are bearing fruit today in the form of the P5+1 interim
agreement on Irans nuclear program.
I witnessed clear signs of
Chinas rapid transformation, and their commitment to continuing to
deepen ties between the U.S. and China through people to people
exchanges.
Honoring a World Legend
I was
deeply honored to be part of the official Congressional delegation
representing the United States at the memorial services of former South
African President, Nelson Mandela on December 11, 2013.
As I
remember the legacy of Nelson Mandela, I will always remember his
electrifying visit to New York shortly after his release from prison.
And I will always cherish having met Nelson Mandela on several occasions
especially the laughter, stories, and insight he shared with me and
other members of a congressional delegation during a wonderful lunch
at his home.
Thank you Madiba for all you have done not only for
South Africa but for the world.
1.	Going into the next legislative year, what issue do you think
should be my top priority? Immigration Reform Farm Bill Unemployment Insurance Flood Insurance Gun Reform Other What are the top three most important elements of immigration reform
to you? Reform
our problematic visa program Create a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants
already in America Strengthen border security Require employers to verify employees legal status in
order to obtain work Other Which of the following gun reforms do you support? Please mark all that
apply. Expanding
background checks Instituting mental health checks Banning high-capacity magazines Increasing the penalties for gun
trafficking Creating a program wherein the government would buy back guns from
citizens Banning
military style assault weapons Illegalizing armor-piercing or cop-killing
bullets Have you been
successful in purchasing healthcare through the new healthcare system? If so,
how were able to access it? Through the website By telephone Through an in-person navigator How has the Affordable Care Act
affected you? Negatively Not at all Positively *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
Washington,
DC Office
2234 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-3461
Fax: (202) 225-4169
Far
Rockaway
67-12
Rockaway Beach Boulevard
Arverne, NY 11692
Phone: (347)
230-4032
Fax: (347) 230-4045
Jamaica
153-01
Jamaica Avenue
2nd floor
Jamaica, NY 11432
Phone: (718)
725-6000
Fax: (718) 725-9868
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
