
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
December 2-20, 2013
Supported passage of the annual defense policy bill.
Congressman Forbes supported passage of the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal Year 2014. The bill, agreed to by both the House and Senate Armed Services Committees was added as an amendment to
H.R. 3304 , and passed as
H.Res.441 . As Chairman of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, Congressman Forbes worked to include within the bill, provisions to restore full funding for Navy ship maintenance, protect our Fleets readiness, and preserve the ship-repair industrial base.
Key provisions of the NDAA
include rejecting a burdensome Base Realignment and Closure process, preventing the transfer of Guantanamo Bay detainees to the United States, and combating sexual assault by establishing minimum sentencing guidelines for military sexual assault cases and increasing the protections for whistleblowers.
The bill passed by a vote of 350-69.
Worked to prioritize funding for pediatric research.
Congressman Forbes supported the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act,
H.R. 2019 , named for the 10-year-old girl who lost her battle with cancer earlier this year.
The bill eliminates the unused Presidential Election Campaign Fund and diverts the remaining money (about $130 million) to expand pediatric medical research at the National Institutes of Health.
This bill passed by a vote of 295-103.
Provided access to capital for small businesses.
Congressman Forbes supported the Small Business Capital Access and Job Preservation Act,
H.R. 1105 , which eliminates unnecessary and costly registration requirements set forth under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act).
The Dodd-Frank Act requires most advisers to private investment funds--including advisers to private equity funds--to register with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, at an estimated cost of $500,000 per fund. The bill exempts advisers to private equity funds that have not borrowed and that do not have outstanding, a principal amount in excess of twice their funded capital commitments.
This bill passed by a vote of 254-159.
Defense
Spoke at the annual modeling and simulation event.
Congressman Forbes spoke to researchers, industry leaders, and military personnel at the annual Interservice/Industry Training, Simulation and Education Conference about the growing role of technology-based training in both defense and private industry. As Chairman of the Congressional Modeling and Simulation Caucus, Congressman Forbes has been a leader in supporting the modeling and simulation industry.
Delivered Remarks at the US Naval Institute's Defense Forum.
Congressman Forbes
spoke
about the critical importance of sustaining US military power to defend American interests at a U.S. Naval Institute conference attended by military personnel, veterans, and defense experts. He explained how recent spending cuts, driven by political concerns rather than strategy-driven assessments, are already putting our servicemen and women at greater risk at a time when threats to the US and its allies are growing.
As Chairman of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, Congressman Forbes is focused on maintaining a world-class Navy that can defend U.S. commercial and security interests around the world.
Chaired a Hearing on Chinese Naval Modernization.
Congressman Forbes convened a Seapower
subcommittee panel
of experts to discuss growing Chinese naval strength and challenges to U.S. policy in the Asia-Pacific region. The Congressman is interested in finding solutions Congress can take to meet these challenges and reassure our regional partners. As Chairman of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee and Co-Chair of the Congressional China Caucus, Congressman Forbes will continue working to educate members of Congress on ways to mitigate threats to regional stability and American interests.
Supported relief from sequestration .
Congressman supported
H.J.Res.59
to provide $63 billion in relief from arbitrary sequestration cuts, which have had a devastating effect on Virginia and our national defense.
Ensured military retirees receive benefits .
Congressman cosponsored two bills to ensure that military retirees receive the benefits they deserve.
The first,
H.R.3790 , completely strikes the section of the budget agreement that provided for the reduction in the annual cost-of-living-adjustment (COLA).
The second,
H.R.3789 , exempts all veterans who medically retire, those who receive Combat Related Specialty Compensation (CRSC), those who receive Concurrent Receipt Pay (CRDP), and surviving spouses in receipt of payments under the Survivor Benefit Program (SBP) from the COLA reduction.
Hosted a Discussion on Asia-Pacific Stability.
Congressman Forbes and Congresswoman Hanabusa (D-HI) met with Dr. Michael Green, Vice President for Asia at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. Dr. Green briefed the two members on recent developments in East Asia and what the U.S. could do to uphold its interests in the region.
Veterans
Reauthorized funding for Veterans Affairs facilities . Congressman Forbes supported the Department of Veterans Affairs Major Medical Facility Lease Authorization Act,
H.R. 3521 , which authorized funds necessary for 27 major Veterans Affairs medical facilities to remain open. The bill also requires greater transparency of how VA funds are spent.
This bill passed by a vote of 346-1.
Reauthorized funding for services to disabled veterans . Congressman Forbes supported the VA Expiring Authorities Extension Act,
H.R. 1402 , which reauthorized funds for a wide array of Veterans Affairs services, including the authority to support sports-related activities for disabled veterans (such as the Paralympics), and the authority to transport individuals to and from VA facilities, to provide nursing home care to veterans with service-connected disabilities, and to provide housing to homeless veterans.
This bill passed by a vote of 353-0.
Foreign Affairs
Called for greater oversight of aid to the Palestinian Authority.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Palestinian Accountability Act,
H.R. 1337 , to tie aid for the Palestinian Authority to their continued efforts to promote democratic governance and combat terrorism. If the Department of State determines such conditions are not being met, the Act would also restrict U.S. funding for U.N. bodies that support the Palestinian Authority.
Supported greater monitoring of international child abduction . Congressman Forbes supported the Sean and David Goldman International Child Abduction Prevention and Return Act,
H.R. 3212 , which enhances State Department monitoring of international child abduction and requires the President to take action against foreign states unwilling to resolve abduction cases.
This bill passed by a vote of 398-0.
Ensured continued Israeli security . Congressman Forbes supported the Israel Qualitative Military Edge Enhancement Act,
H.R. 1992 , which requires more frequent and expansive assessments of Israeli security regarding its ability to defend itself against the advanced or asymmetric capabilities of neighboring states and non-state actors. Protecting Israel has long been, and continues to be, a major concern for Congressman Forbes.
This bill passed by a vote of 399-0.
Promoted oversight and transparency of aid to Haiti . Congressman Forbes supported the Assessing Progress in Haiti Act of 2013,
H.R. 3509 , which requires the Secretary of State to periodically submit reports to Congress detailing U.S. development aid to Haiti to assist with post-earthquake reconstruction. Through greater oversight, the bill hopes to mitigate risks that U.S. aid is wasted or fuels corruption in Haiti.
This bill passed by a voice vote.
Supported religious freedom in India.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored
H.Res.417 , opposing the oppression of religious minorities over the last two decades in India and calling for religious freedom and other human rights issues to be included in the US-India Strategic Dialogue.
Agriculture
Supported Efforts to Reauthorize a New Farm Bill.
Congressman Forbes supported the passage of
H.R. 3695
to provide a one-month extension as conferees work to finalize a new, five-year farm bill agreement. Without a new law or an extension of the existing law, farm policy reverts to "permanent" laws enacted in the 1930s and 1940s
laws that would set commodity prices that are not sustainable and are no longer in line with current economics or agricultural policy.
This bill passed by a voice vote.
Housing
Delayed costly changes to flood insurance .
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act,
H.R.3370 , to delay provisions of a 2012 law that called for changes in flood zone mapping that are resulting in many homeowners facing premium hikes and property owners being told they must now buy flood insurance coverage.
Judiciary
Called for reporting of deaths in custody.
Congressman Forbes supported the Death in Custody Reporting Act,
H.R. 1447 , which requires states that receive criminal justice assistance grants under the Edward Byrne Memorial State and Local Law Enforcement Assistance Programs, the Local Government Law Enforcement Block Grants Program, or the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program, to report to the Attorney General, on a quarterly basis, information regarding the death of any person who is detained, arrested, en route to incarceration, or incarcerated in state or local facilities or a boot camp prison.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Supported enhanced penalties for crimes against children .
Congressman Forbes supported the Kilah Davenport Child Protection Act,
H.R. 3627 , which increases penalties for crimes against children and requires the Attorney General to publish a report on the penalties for violations of laws prohibiting child abuse in all 50 states.
This bill passed by voice vote.
Called for an end to abusive patent litigation ,
Congressman Forbes supported the Innovation Act,
H.R.3309 ,
to reform the patent litigation system by requiring heightened pleading requirements through requiring the patent holder to identify the patents they allege have been infringed and specify how they have been infringed, and requiring plaintiffs to include more specificity in demand letters to level the playing field between the individuals and companies sending the letters and the small businesses who receive them.
This bill passed by a vote of 325-91.
Healthcare
Recognized the role of preventative health services.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Preventative Health Savings Act,
H.R. 2663 , which modernizes the way the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) tabulates the cost of preventative health legislation. H.R. 2663 directs the CBO to analyze scientific medical data to provide information on the savings of preventive health initiatives beyond the typical ten-year scoring window, providing a better overall picture in the reduction in health care costs that preventative health care can provide.
Supported an alternative to the healthcare law.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the American Health Care Reform Act,
H.R. 3121 , which would repeal the Affordable Care Act and bring forward a pragmatic, practical, and portable free-market alternative to the current healthcare system.
Among its many provisions, H.R. 3121 spurs competition to lower healthcare costs by allowing Americans to purchase health insurance across state lines and enabling small businesses to pool together and get the same buying power as large corporations. It reforms medical malpractice laws in a commonsense way that limits trial lawyer fees and non-economic damages while maintaining strong protections for patients, and provides tax reforms that allow families and individuals to deduct healthcare costs, just like companies, leveling the playing field and providing all Americans with a standard deduction for health insurance.
About Washington Update
Washington Update serves as a resource to the constituents of the Fourth Congressional District of Virginia on the work of Congressman Forbes. It is published weekly while Congress is in session. Hyperlinks to bill information are provided if the information disseminated by the House of Representatives is available at the time of distribution.
As always, Congressman Forbes welcomes your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://randyforbes.house.gov
to send an e-mail or call any of Congressman Forbes' three district offices.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here