
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
JANUARY 17, 2014
Please allow me to update you on some of this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Paul Commemorates the Legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
Over this holiday weekend, we should celebrate the life of Dr. Martin
Luther King Jr. and reflect on his influence and call for ending
injustice in America. It is simply unimaginable to think what modern
America would be like if not for Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s courage
and triumph.
When one sees an injustice so great, he or she must make a choice-to
continue tolerating the injustice or make sacrifices in the name of
stopping it. Thankfully for us, Dr. King made sacrifices and chose the
path less traveled.
In years to come, we must keep building the kind of America that is
worthy of his memory and that our children-of every race, creed and
color-deserve.
Dr. Rand Paul Responds to President Obama's Proposed NSA Reform
Earlier today, President Obama presented a plan to reform the National Security Agency (NSA) surveillance program.
While I am encouraged the president is addressing the NSA spying program because of pressure from Congress and the American people, I am disappointed in the details. The Fourth Amendment requires an individualized warrant based on probable cause before the government can search phone records and e-mails. President Obama's announced solution to the NSA spying controversy is the same unconstitutional program with a new configuration.
I intend to continue the fight to restore Americans rights through my Fourth Amendment Restoration Act and my legal challenge against the NSA. The American people should not expect the fox to guard the hen house.
Click
HERE
to read my response in its entirety and
HERE
to watch my reaction.
Dr. Paul Introduces the Uphold Our Promise to Veterans Act
Also on Thursday, I joined Rep. Ted Poe (R-Tex.) in introducing the
Uphold Our Promise to Veterans Act .
This bill would repeal the provisions under the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 that reduces cost-of-living adjustments below inflation for retired veterans under the age of 62 and restore funding by eliminating foreign aid to certain countries and authorizing the sale of some Federal lands.
Rep. Poe and I voted against the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 that implemented the cost-of-living adjustments cuts for veterans.
In a failed effort to save $6.2 billion over the next ten years, Congress and the president broke a financial promise to the veterans of this nation with the passage of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013. In addition to stripping veterans of their promised retirement compensations, the budget does not balance the budget and raises taxes for all Americans.
We owe it to the men and women who have served in our Armed Forces to protect their livelihood, just as they have protected ours- and the Uphold Our Promise to Veterans Act will do just that. I will continue to do all I can in support of our nation's veterans.
Click
HERE
to read more about the Uphold Our Promise to Veterans Act.
Dr. Paul Commends Kentucky House for Passing Restoration of Voting Rights Amendment
On Thursday, the Kentucky House of Representatives passed House Bill 70, a proposed constitutional amendment that would restore the right to vote for non-violent felons who have completed their sentences.
The bill passed by a vote of 82-12.
I commend the Kentucky House for passing HB 70 and taking this step forward in restoring voting rights for non-violent felons in the Commonwealth. The right to vote is a sacred one in our country and it is the very foundation of our republic. I urge the Kentucky Senate to act on this very important issue.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Paul Speaks at the 20th Anniversary of Center for the National Interest
Also on Tuesday, I joined the Center for the National Interest to celebrate its 20th Anniversary. In my speech, I discussed America's foreign policy and our role in international affairs.
Colin Powell was fond of saying that "War should be the politics of last resort. We should have a purpose our people understand and support." I agree.
When America is attacked or our interests directly threatened, our country should and will defend itself with the force and authority of our collective wills.
I believe we should approach diplomacy from the notion that dialogue is nearly always preferable to war but that potential enemies should never mistake, as Reagan put it, "Our reluctance for war, with a lack of resolve."
Click
HERE
to watch my speech in its entirety.
Dr. Paul Introduces Bill to Repeal AUMF for Iraq
Earlier this week, I joined Sens. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) and Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) in introducing
legislation
to repeal the Authorization of Military Force (AUMF) for Iraq and
officially bring the Iraq war to a close. This bipartisan effort is
co-sponsored by Sens. Mike Lee (R-Utah), Jon Tester (D-Mont.), Jeff
Merkley (D-Ore.), Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) and Chris Murphy (D-Conn.).
Two years ago, President Obama declared the war in Iraq over. With
the return of our troops and practical side of the mission concluded, I
feel it is necessary to bring the war to an official and legal end. This
bipartisan piece of legislation expressly preserves the president's
authority to protect our embassy and personnel in Iraq, and ensures that
our military involvement in Iraq is officially closed and that any
future engagement will require Congressional authorization and support,
as required by the Constitution.
Click
HERE
to read my bill in its entirety.
Dr. Paul and Sen. McConnell Push Legislation to HELP Rural Counties in Kentucky
Earlier this week, Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) and I introduced
legislation to help rural counties in Kentucky who are being hurt by the
Obama Administration's policies, as established by the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), which restrict rural lending
practices.
The HELP Rural Communities Act would give rural counties in Kentucky a
voice when the CFPB has incorrectly labeled them as "non-rural"--just
another example of this administration's one-size-fits-all, we-know-best
approach to governing. Several counties in Kentucky, such as Bath
County, have been labeled as "non-rural," and are therefore barred from
certain rural lending practices that are helpful to farmers and small
businesses.
This important legislation will provide an opportunity for rural
communities across the country to challenge big government
bureaucracies, such as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, from
improperly designating them as "non-rural."
Rural communities rely
heavily on this designation, as it allows financial institutions to
provide important financial products and credit to small businesses and
farmers who depend on it in these areas. I will continue to work
diligently with the Kentucky delegation to pass this legislation for the
betterment of our rural areas.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Dr. Paul Speaks at 2014 Index of Economic Freedom Forum
On Tuesday, I spoke at the Heritage Foundation's annual Index of
Economic Freedom forum.
At this forum I discussed the current state of
our individual and economic freedoms under the Obama Administration.
Click
HERE
to watch my speech.
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, hundreds of thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors.
Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Media Wrap-Up
This past week, I appeared on
Fox's America's Newsroom with Bill Hemmer ,
On the Record with Greta Van Susteren
and spoke with
CNN's Wolf Blitzer . I joined Terry Meiners on WHAS Louisville, News Talk with Lee Burke, Tom Roten's Eastern Kentucky Morning Show and several national radio shows throughout the week as well. I also penned an op-ed for the
Floyd County Times .
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member. Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
