
DEC
15
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
You may have seen news this week about the announcement of a budget deal in Washington. I want nothing more than for Congress to pass a budget for our nation that includes responsible savings to replace sequestration cuts that are harming our military readiness and that addresses the underlying drivers of our skyrocketing debt.
While I appreciate the hard work done by Chairman Paul Ryan and Chairman Patty Murray, I was disappointed that the final proposal was negotiated behind closed doors and without the input of members of the full conference committee, of which I was a part.
The agreement that was announced on Tuesday would fund the government through the end of Fiscal Year 2014 and provide some relief from indiscriminate sequestration cuts - but it achieves this on the backs of our military men and women who have put their lives on the line to defend our country.
In order to achieve approximately $6.3 billion in savings, the legislation currently includes a provision that requires a one percent reduction in cost of living benefits for many military retirees under age 62.
According to analysis by the Senate Budget and Armed Services Committees, under the proposal, a Sergeant First Class who retires in his early 40s - who has served our country for two decades and most likely deployed multiple times to war - could lose more than $70,000.
Under the proposal, the contribution rate for the Federal Employees Retirement System for new federal employees hired after January 1, 2014, is increased, but all current federal employees are grandfathered and protected from the increase in contributions.
Unfortunately, our current and future military retirees were not provided with similar protections that current civilian federal employees are receiving under this proposal.
It's unacceptable to single out our men and women in uniform in this way.
The Military Coalition - which represents more than 5.5 million current and former service members and their families and survivors - has
expressed strong opposition
to the budget agreement, saying that it "seeks to penalize current and future military members who have served our nation for over twenty years." The Coalition is comprised of more than 30 military and veterans groups, including the Veterans of Foreign Wars, Military Officers Association of America, and the National Guard Association of the United States.
Although the budget proposal is far from perfect and doesn't address the long-term drivers of our debt, if the military retiree provision is replaced with alternative savings, I am prepared to support this legislation in order to provide budget certainty and sequestration relief for our nation's critical defense programs.
My hope is that both parties can work together to do replace these unfair cuts that impact our men and women in uniform with more responsible savings, such as the billions that the Government Accountability Office has identified in waste, duplication and fraud across the federal government -- click
here
for some examples.
This week in the Senate, I was proud to vote for the confirmation of Portsmouth's Landya McCafferty to serve as the next federal district court judge for New Hampshire. Landya's confirmation makes history: she'll be the first woman to hold this position in our state. She's exceptionally qualified and experienced, and she'll be a great addition to the federal bench.
It's been a busy - and snowy! - weekend.
Yesterday in Plymouth, I joined state officials and citizens from across the state to celebrate the life of the late Councilor Ray Burton.
And later in the day, I took part in an award ceremony to honor the heroic service of members of our National Guard who served in Afghanistan.
I hope you have a great week ahead. Stay safe on the roads!
Landya McCafferty Confirmed as New Federal District Court Judge for New Hampshire
Portsmouth's McCafferty first woman named to federal bench in N.H. By Charles McMahon,
Portsmouth Herald December 13, 2013
PORTSMOUTH - City resident Landya McCafferty made history Thursday, when she was confirmed by the U.S. Senate as the newest federal district court judge for the District of New Hampshire.
McCafferty, a resident of Portsmouth since 1995, will be the first woman to serve as a federal district judge in New Hampshire.
McCafferty has served as the U.S. magistrate judge for the District of New Hampshire since June 2010.
The Senate confirmed McCafferty as district of New Hampshire federal district court judge by a vote of 79-19.
U.S. Sens. Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., and Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., voted in favor of the nomination. Both lauded McCafferty for becoming the first woman to hold the position in the state.
"Landya is exceptionally qualified and experienced and will be a great addition to the federal bench for the District of New Hampshire," the senators said in a joint prepared statement. "We look forward to her service as the first woman to hold this position in our state now that the Senate has cleared her historic nomination."
Read more.
Ayotte Pays Tribute to Dean Kamen, Honored as "Inventor of the Year"
Senator Ayotte participated in a ceremony in the nation's capital this week honoring New Hampshire's Dean Kamen as the Intellectual Property Organization Education Foundation's "Inventor of the Year." The Foundation, which promotes education and awareness of Intellectual Property issues, recognized Kamen for his latest invention - the Slingshot water purification system - which will help improve the lives and health of people living in areas with limited or no access to clean water.
Ayotte also praised Kamen's efforts to encourage students in New Hampshire and across the country to pursue achievement in the areas of science, technology, engineering, and math through programs like the FIRST Robotics Competition.
Shaheen, Ayotte Congratulate SNHU's Men's Soccer Team on Championship Victory
Senator Shaheen and Senator Ayotte introduced a Senate Resolution this week congratulating the Penmen, Southern New Hampshire University (SNHU) men's soccer team, for winning the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division II Men's Soccer Championship.
The championship win capped an amazing season in which the Penmen won 22 games with just one loss and one draw, the most single season wins in the program's history.
"The Penmen had an amazing season and along the way have made all of New Hampshire proud," said Senators Shaheen and Ayotte. "The hard work, leadership skills, and determination displayed by the Penmen this year - both on and off the field - is a true testament to the character of the young men on this team. Congratulations to the Penmen, Coach Marc Hubbard, and the entire SNHU community."
Student-athletes at SNHU have excelled both on and off the sports field, receiving the USA Today NCAA Foundation Academic Achievement Award.
This year, the men's soccer team was also honored with the 2013 Northeast-10 Team Academic Excellence Award for having the highest team grade point average among men's soccer teams in the Northeast-10 Conference.
Click
here
to read the resolution.
Constituent Office Hours in Orange, Bridgewater, Monroe, and More
Senator Ayotte's staff will be holding office hours in communities throughout the state during the coming days to help local residents who need assistance interacting with the federal government.
ORANGE
Orange Town Office
Town House Road
Monday, December 16, 7:00 - 8:00 PM (Board of Selectmen's Meeting)
BRIDGEWATER
Bridgewater Town Office
297 Mayhew Turnpike
Tuesday, December 17, 12:00 - 1:00 PM
MONROE
Monroe Town Office
152 Woodsville Road
Thursday, December 19, 8:30 AM - 9:30 AM
Click
here
for the full list.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
