
The
Hastings Monthly Report
January 2014
Dear Friends:
Thank you for signing up to receive my monthly E-newsletter, the
Hastings Monthly Report . Every month, I will send updates on what Congress has been focused on, and how I am working hard in Washington on behalf of South Florida.
Additionally, I will continue to post day-to-day updates on my
Official Website
and
Facebook page .
Please visit these pages regularly to receive important information about the many issues facing Congress.
2013 In Review
As we begin 2014, I sincerely hope that you had a wonderful holiday season, and wish you a very Happy New Year! Representing your interests in Congress is my first and foremost priority, and I look forward to continuing to advocate for our community in the coming year.
Over the past year, I introduced 15 bills and co-sponsored hundreds of pieces of legislation. I offered numerous amendments to bills introduced by my colleagues, and managed eight measures on the floor of the House of Representatives. I traveled to Israel to meet with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and President Shimon Peres, as well as the West Bank to meet with Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad. I visited Syrian refugee camps in Turkey, and spoke at the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe Parliamentary Assembly's (OSCE PA) 12th Winter Meeting in Vienna, Austria.
I was pleased to host panels and briefings in Washington on topics such as the Special Immigrant Visa Program (SIV), Eating Disorders, and the state of Homelessness in America, and proudly sent letters to numerous Government officials on behalf of my constituents interests. Throughout the year, my offices received approximately 14,000 letters from constituents like you expressing views and insights on issues such as health care, Everglades restoration, defense spending, and education reform.
Thank you for your continued help in making the United States a stronger, more prosperous, and more inclusive nation. As we look towards 2014, I look forward to continuing to serve the people of the 20th Congressional district.
Congressman Hastings with the 2013 Summer Intern team
The Budget Deal and Unemployment Compensation
Last week, President Obama signed the two-year budget deal. The legislation passed by wide margins in Congress and sets spending caps for the next two fiscal years at approximately 1.013 trillion dollars. With this framework in place, Congress can now get to work on its 12 annual discretionary spending bills.
The budget deal replaced more than $60 billion in across-the-board cuts known as the sequester, a disastrous policy that cost us valuable jobs and economic development when we needed it the most. However, it
failed to include an extension of emergency unemployment compensation benefits, leaving 1.3 million Americans facing new hardships. Millions more may lose their unemployment in the upcoming year if Republicans do not allow Congress to extend these critical benefits.
Unemployment compensation is neither reckless nor wasteful spending
it is a lifeline for millions of families struggling to recover from the worst economic recession of our time. Congress first order of business in the new year must be to address this failure, and to ensure that Americans facing difficult times are provided with the support they need as they continue to look for work.
Working for You
Throughout the month of December, I joined with many of my colleagues from Florida and across our Nation in advocating for a number of critical issues. On December 04, 2013, I joined with Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson (D-TX), with whom I Co-Chair the Congressional Homelessness Caucus, as well as 19 other Member of Congress in sending a letter to Congressman Collin Peterson, Ranking Democratic Member of the House Committee on Agriculture, and Senator Debbie Stabenow, Chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture, opposing additional cuts to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) in the 2013 Farm Bill conference report. SNAP is an indispensable program for nearly 50 million Americans, and an $11 billion cut to SNAP benefits recently took effect.
On December 05, 2013, I joined with Congressman Vern Buchanan (R-FL), with whom I Co-Chair the Florida Congressional Delegation, in sending a letter to six Governors
expressing support for their federal lawsuit challenging the Federal Emergency Management Agencys (FEMA) new flood maps. These maps were updated without completing an affordability study as legally required, and have led to large increases in flood insurance premiums.
Hundreds of thousands of Floridians and millions of Americans nationwide are experiencing untenable rate hikes that, if left unchecked, threaten property values and push people out of their homes. For some, premium rates have increased nearly 500 percent. Common sense alone dictates that FEMA should complete the mandatory affordability study prior to implementing any rate increases.
For more information on the various issues that I am working on, please visit my official website at
www.alceehastings.house.gov .
With warm personal regards, I remain,
Sincerely,
Alcee L. Hastings
Member of Congress
20th District of Florida
www.AlceeHastings.house.gov
Quick Links
Website
Press Releases
Blog
Email Signup
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Washington Office
2353 Rayburn Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Tel: (202) 225-1313
Broward County Office
2701 W. Oakland Park Blvd, Suite 200
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33311
Tel: (954) 733-2800
Palm Beach County Office
Town of Mangonia Park Municipal Center
1755 East Tiffany Drive
Mangonia Park, FL 33407
Tel: (561) 676-7911
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here