DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
OK-04 District Update | December 6, 2013
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Code Talkers Receive Congressional Gold Medal of Honor
Over the course of American history, Native Americans have demonstrated outstanding valor on the battlefield. Last month, I was honored to help recognize and remember the significant contributions of
Native American code talkers
with the Congressional Gold Medal of Honor. These individuals embraced their cultural heritage and used it to prevent highly-sensitive wartime messages from being intercepted by the enemy during WWI and WWII. Because of their service and unique contributions, countless lives were saved and victory was claimed more quickly by the Allies.
Out of the 33 tribes recognized in the ceremony, 10 tribes were from Oklahoma and three (Choctaw, Comanche and Kiowa) from the Fourth District of Oklahoma. When I saw the excitement of tribal representatives receiving medals, heard remarks commending tribes and watched the celebration of all in attendance, I felt especially proud of my Native American heritage.
Historic Bank Building Transformed in Stonewall
Last month, I had the opportunity to visit the construction site of a new community health clinic in Stonewall. Along with former Tri-County Executive Director Amy Elliott, City Administrator Dennis Heath and Mayor Jim Mills, I toured the renovation and restoration of the historic bank building in downtown Stonewall, which will serve as the location for the new clinic. Expected to open to the community by January, I am impressed by the progress made and know this clinic will provide great care to the community.
Cleta Mitchell Talks about the IRS
During a recent taping of my monthly TV show, I enjoyed visiting with
Cleta Mitchell , an attorney and partner at Foley &amp; Lardner in Washington, DC. A native Oklahoman, Cleta is an expert in law, politics and public policy and represents numerous conservative candidates, campaigns and issue organizations, including several non-profit groups who were targeted by the IRS. After decades assisting organizations, she noticed stalled applications and unnecessary, unusual questions of conservative groups from the IRS when applying for tax-exempt status.
To hear about her dealings with the IRS, watch the full show
here .
Tribal Leasing Regulations Approved
Increased economic opportunity is the best way to raise the standards of living for tribal members, but it also has a positive impact on their communities. Through passage of the Helping Expedite and Advance Tribal Homeownership Act (HEARTH Act) last year, tribal governments now have greater authority in developing their own lands.
During a
ceremony
at the Potawatomi National Cultural Heritage Center in Shawnee, we observed approval of tribal leasing regulations as laid out by the (HEARTH Act). I was very pleased to join Citizen Potawatomi Nation Chairman John Barrett in welcoming Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell and Assistant Secretary of Indian Affairs Kevin Washburn for the ceremony. This is not only beneficial for tribal governments, but the entire state of Oklahoma will feel the positive impact of increased economic activity.
To read more about the ceremony and the HEARTH Act, click
here .
Appropriations Subcommittee on the Legislative Branch
I am honored to take on a new role as Chairman of the
Appropriations Subcommittee on the Legislative Branch . This House subcommittee oversees funding for the House of Representatives, Architect of the Capitol, Library of Congress, Capitol Police, Congressional Budget Office, Government Printing Office, Government Accountability Office and House committees. I am optimistic that we can continue to find responsible ways to use hardworking taxpayer dollars, right here on the Capitol Hill grounds.
Historic Wintersmith Dam Restored
While I was in Ada last month, I stopped by the Wintersmith Dam, which is currently undergoing reconstruction. The project received assistance with the Save Americas Treasures grant from the National Park Service. This project truly preserves a historic site, but it also takes care of the surrounding areas. During the ribbon cutting ceremony, I was pleased to join Public Works Director Carl Allen, Mayor Greg McCortney, Parks Director Randy McFarlin, City Manager Cody Holcomb, City Engineer Gary Kinder and Ada Chamber of Commerce Vice President Sarah Jane Johnson.
Share Your Obamacare Enrollment Story
Since the launch of HealthCare.gov on October 1, there have been a variety of experiences with the enrollment process. My office is still
collecting stories
from people across the Fourth District of Oklahoma, and Id love to hear from you.
Click
here
to tell me about your Obamacare enrollment experience.
Stay Informed
As many of you know, every Monday morning, I release a column on my website. These
weekly columns
provide my commentary on current legislation, district news and national issues.
Check back often
to stay in the loop with the issues facing us today.
Sincerely,
Tom Cole
Member of Congress
I was honored to help recognize and remember the significant contributions of Native American codes with the Congressional Gold Medal of Honor.
Last month, I had the opportunity to visit the construction site of a new community health clinic in Stonewall.
I enjoyed visiting with Cleta Mitchell during a recent taping of my monthly TV show.
I was very pleased to join Citizen Potawatomi Nation Chairman John Barrett in welcoming Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell and Assistant
Secretary of Indian Affairs Kevin Washburn
to Shawnee.
While I was in Ada last month, I stopped by the Wintersmith Dam, which is currently undergoing reconstruction.
My office is still collecting Obamacare enrollment stories from people across the Fourth District of Oklahoma, and Id love to hear from you.
Washington, DC Office
2458 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6165
Fax: (202) 225-3512
Norman
2424 Springer Dr., Suite 201
Norman, OK 73069
Phone: (405) 329-6500
Fax: (405) 321-7369
Lawton
711 SW D Ave., Suite 201
Lawton, OK 73501
Phone: (580) 357-2131
Fax: (580) 357-7477
Ada
100 E. 13th St., Suite 213
Ada, OK 74820
Phone: (580) 436-5375
Phone: (580) 436-5451
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here