
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND
DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
January 12, 2014
Dear Friend,
This first full week of 2014 was a busy
one in the House!
While the new year brings up many new
legislative topics, Obamacare is one issue that continues to remain at
the forefront of my agenda, as it remains a persistent problem. The
Washington Post
published yet another report this
week regarding the software problems that continue to plague the
healthcare.gov website. This time around, the problems have resulted in more
than 100,000 Americans who are eligible to enroll in Medicaid or the
Childrens Health Insurance Program, but have yet to be processed
because of the sites technical problems.
We heard numerous
experts testify last year that the Healthcare.gov website was launched
without adequate testing and without the necessary safeguards in place to
ensure that consumer information would be secure. To address this
very serious concern, I voted with the House this week to protect
Americans from the Obamacare security breaches. H.R. 3811, the Health
Exchange Security and Transparency Act, requires HHS to inform anyone if
their personal information has been breached on the exchange website. This
common-sense bill passed with a veto-proof majority of 291 to 122. In
this newsletter below, you will find my statement on the passage of
H.R. 3811 and additional information about this bill.
This
week, I continued to fight against cuts made in cancer treatment
services by writing a letter to CMS Administrator, Marilyn Tavenner. My
letter was in reference to Medicares latest cut in reimbursements for
those receiving cancer treatment from community oncology providers.
Click here
for information about H.R. 1416, the
Cancer Patient Protection Act of 2013, which I sponsored to protect cancer
patients from these unfair sequester cuts.
Also this week,
in the House Committee on Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee
hearing, I had the opportunity to ask questions regarding the 2014 CMS
changes that will be taking place. I used this subcommittee hearing to
better understand the reimbursement and capping process for those
seeking Medicare services.
Additionally, while news reports
show that the unemployment rate dropped last month, the explanation
behind the lower number is of particular concern. The reason unemployment
is down is because the labor participation rate -- the number of people
participating in the labor force -- is the lowest it has been since
April 1978.
What does this mean?
Too many
Americans have given up looking for work.
The numbers are
staggering -- 91.27 million Americans are not in the labor force today and 5.6
million between ages 18 and 34 can't find a job, even though they
want and need one. This is why jobs continue to be my top priority. Below
you will find a link to information about the work the House has done
to promote job creation. Unfortunately many of the bills we have
passed remain stalled in the Democrat-controlled Senate.
This
year promises to be one that is both busy and productive, and I hope
you will continue to reach out to me if I can ever be of assistance to
you. You'll find contact information for my Washington, Dunn and
Asheboro offices at the end of this newsletter.
Thank you for
staying informed and engaged. It is such an honor to be your voice in
Washington.
Protecting Americans from Obamacare Security
Breaches
I released the following statement Friday after voting in favor
of the Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act, H.R.
3811:
"We've started a new year with the same old problems. Over
three months since the Obamacare exchanges took effect, the website
continues to be plagued with errors and threatens to expose the personal
information and health records of millions of Americans. That's why
today I voted with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for the
Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act."
"This
bill will require the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to
notify individuals within two days if there has been a breach to the
exchange website and if their personal information has been exposed.
The Obama administration must be held accountable for the failures in
this website and their inability to perform basic security procedures
that could have an enormous impact on people's lives and their
privacy."
Background on H.R.
3811:
Well before the October 1, 2013 launch date, red flags
were raised regarding the vulnerability of HealthCare.gov, including
security vulnerabilities. In fact, on August 2, 2013, the Inspector
General of the Department of Health and Human Services reported several
critical tasks remain to be completed in a short period of time, such as
the final independent testing of the Hubs security controls,
remediating security vulnerabilities identified during testing, and obtaining
the security authorization decision for the Hub before opening the
exchanges.
Since October 1st - and the websites failed
launch - even greater concern has been expressed regarding the websites
vulnerabilities, including the security of personal and medical
information.
In fact, in an interview late last year, Experian Vice
President, Michael Bruemmer, is quoted as saying he expects a significant
increase in the number of health care breaches in 2014. Specifically,
Bruemmer is quoted as saying [the website infrastructure] was put
together too quickly and haphazardly. Thus, we have volume issues,
security issues, multiple data handling points
all generally not good
things for protecting protected health information and personal
identity information.
Health Subcommittee Hearing
In the House Committee on Energy and Commerce
Health Subcommittee hearing, "The Extenders Policies: What Are They and
How Should They Continue Under a Permanent SGR Repeal Landscape? I
asked questions regarding the 2014 CMS changes that will be taking
place.
Click here
or on the image above to see a
video excerpt from the hearing.
Jobs
We've passed dozens of jobs bills in the House
to spur economic growth and get Americans back to work. The Senate
should
#VoteNow
for JOBS. You can learn more
about these bills, track their progress and even support them as a
citizen cosponsor at
http://www.speaker.gov/jobs .
Hero of Main Street
Award
I was
honored to receive the Hero of Main Street Award, which was presented to
me in my office this week by Mike Cys of the National Retail Federation
(NRF). NRF is the worlds largest retail trade association, and the
retail industry serves as the nations largest private sector
employer.
On Facebook
Follow this link , then
click
the "Like" button
on my Facebook page
today!
On Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation on Twitter.
On YouTube
Please subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you
won't miss great video from the Washington and the Second
District.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn
NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910)
230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336)
629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
