
Friday January 17, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Continuing to Fight for Local Waterways
Rep. Murphy and Assistant Secretary Darcy spoke with local River Kidz about the importance of improving local waterways for current and future generations.
Getting Federal Involvement
Last Saturday, I was joined by the head of the Army Corps of Engineers, United States Assistant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works) Jo-Ellen Darcy, for an aerial tour of the St. Lucie Estuary system to discuss the impact discharges from Lake Okeechobee continue to have on our local environment, economy, and entire way of life on the Treasure Coast.
I thank Assistant Secretary Darcy for coming to the Treasure Coast to get a firsthand understanding of the issues facing our waterways as well as the need to move forward on real solutions including Phase 2 of the C-44 project, strengthening the Herbert Hoover Dike so Lake Okeechobee can safely retain more water, and finalizing the Chiefs report for the Central Everglades Planning Project focused on moving more water south of the lake.
Showing Assistant Secretary Darcy the impacts on our environment with state and local officials gave us the ability to discuss ways in which we can all work collaboratively to find real solutions to the problems facing the St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon. It was great to have these officials participate, highlighting the importance of working together across all levels of government to address this pressing matter.
I also want to thank the River Kidz for coming out to greet Assistant Secretary Darcy and share their support for saving our waterways. Having these young advocates there reminded all of us not only of the overwhelming community support for protecting our waterways but the reason why we are fighting so hard for real solutions to this problem: securing a better and brighter future for our children and grandchildren. I look forward to continuing to work with federal, state, and local officials as well as members of the community to improve the health of the St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon.
Read more .
29th Annual Everglades Coalition Conference
Rep. Murphy joined U.S. Department of the Interior
Secretary Sally Jewell at the Everglades Coalition
Conference to discuss the importance of federal
involvement in Everglades restoration efforts to
better the health of local waterways.
Last weekend, I also had the honor of participating in the Everglades Coalition Conference, where I discussed the urgent need to find real solutions to address the problems facing the St. Lucie River, the Indian River Lagoon, and the entire Everglades ecosystem. I stressed the importance of aggressively pushing to complete Everglades restoration projects that we have already invested in, such as the Indian River Lagoon C-44 project. These projects are vital to providing relief to our waterways.
At the conference, I was able to speak with Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell as well as recognize Maggy Hurchalla, who received the Coalitions Hall of Fame Award. This award was well-deserved given her hard work and dedication not just on the Treasure Coast but throughout the state of Florida as a steward of our environment. I was also humbled to speak alongside Senator Bob Graham, who, as a leader on the local, state, and national levels, understands
how important working together is. Senator Graham has been a tireless and thoughtful advocate of Florida and the Everglades, and through his leadership, the Everglades and the community of people who defend it have come a long way. I look forward to continuing to work with these and other committed public servants to move Everglades restoration forward and prioritize restoring this crucial ecosystem.
Water Bill Update
While I continue to push the Army Corps to finalize the Chiefs report for Central Everglades Planning Project (CEPP), I am also calling for a provision in the final Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) conference report that would allow for this and other important projects to be authorized if finalized within the next year.
It has been seven years since WRDA was last authorized. With toxic waters plaguing the St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon leading to a 'lost summer' this past year, we cannot wait another seven years for this important project to move forward.
Furthermore, Everglades projects are not only vital to protecting our precious ecosystem but provide a three-to-one return on investment in both short-term job creation and long-term economic benefits. Such critical projects should not be held up by arbitrary deadlines, allowing further harm to the local environment and economy.
Read more .
Upcoming Events
- Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Breakfast
- Annual Martin Luther King Grand Parade followed by the Health Fair in the Park
- Speaking to the Jupiter/ Tequesta Rotary Club
- Speaking to the Port St. Lucie Bar Association
- Congress At Your Company visit to the Scripps Research Institute
- Speaking to the Palm Beach Civic Association
- Congress At Your Company visit to the Solar and Energy Loan Fund Headquarters
- Congress At Your Company tour of Armellini Trucking Company
- Participating in the Port Salerno Seafood Festival
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here