
A Message from Congressman Paul Broun
Tomorrow: Coffee with your Congressman
This Friday, December 20th, Congressman Broun will be hosting Coffee with your Congressman at the Taliaferro Farm Bureau in Crawfordville, GA. This event begins at 8:00 AM, and will be a chance for the residents of the Crawfordville area to join Congressman Broun for some coffee and discussion.
What:
Coffee with your Congressman
Who:
U.S. Congressman Paul Broun and 10th District Residents
When:
Friday, December 20th, 2013 at 8:00 AM
Where:
Taliaferro Farm Bureau
109 Alexander St
Crawfordville, GA 30631
Visit Brouns Website for More Info
Broun Declares December 17 th
Officer Morgan Day
Morgan Steward poses with fellow Covington Police Officers
Tuesday, December 17 th , Congressman Brouns office
had the honor of participating in Officer Morgan Day in Covington, GA.
Morgan Steward is a 5-year-old boy, with a genetic condition that affects his muscle movement and leaves him in a wheelchair. He was recently sworn in as an honorary Covington Police Officer, and on Tuesday, the town cheered Morgan on as he solved crime and captured "bad guys" at Covington's annual Christmas Parade. Basketball star, Shaquille ONeal, even participated,
surprising Morgan and assisting him in rescuing a cat from a tree. To learn more about Officer Morgans story, click
HERE .
Click Here for More Photos
Broun Hosts Healthcare Discussion in Winder
Broun receives question from an audience member
This Monday, Broun hosted a healthcare discussion at the Winder Womans Club. Residents of the Barrow County area joined Broun to talk about how the Affordable Care Act has affected the residents of Georgias 10 th
Congressional District. Broun encouraged residents to share their stories and experiences with enrolling in Obamacare, and what changes they have seen in their health insurance.
If you could not make it to this meeting, but have a story you would like to share about Obamacare, Broun welcomes you to
send him email on his website, broun.house.gov.
Quick Links
Press &amp; Events
Shaquille O'Neal helps with Officer Morgan Day
Broun to Host Coffee with the Congressman in Taliaferro
Broun had originally scheduled this event for October, but had to cancel his appearance after the partial government shutdown forced him to remain in Washington for votes. All residents of the 10 th
Congressional District are invited to join Congressman Broun at this free event which is open to the media as well.
Press Releases
Click below to read recent Press Releases.
Multimedia
BROUN'S 4-WAY TEST
I am committed to protecting the constitutional rights and pocketbooks of every American. I will apply the following four-way test to every piece of legislation that comes before the House for a vote:
Is it Right/Moral?
Is it Constitutional?
Is it Necessary?
Is it Affordable?
Connect
RSS Feed
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Washington D.C.
2437 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4101
Fax: 202-226-0776
Athens
3706 Atlanta Hwy, Ste 2
Athens, GA 30606
Phone: 706-549-9588
Fax: 706-549-9590
