
January 23, 2014
Dear Neighbor,
As we begin the second session of the 113th Congress, there is a laundry list of items Congress needs to take up before the end of this year. From immigration to matters of foreign diplomacy, there is a great deal of work we must accomplish
before this session comes to a close.
In anticipation of this busy legislative year, I&rsquo;d like to hear what you think Congress&rsquo; top legislative priorities should be for 2014. I value the views and opinions of all my constituents, and am always looking for ways to better serve you. Please complete the survey below and let me know what you think.
Having trouble viewing or completing this?
Click here.
What do you think Congress' top priorities should be in 2014?
Addressing Energy and Environmental Issues
LGBT Equality
Immigration Reform
Increasing Support of Small Businesses
Raising the Minimum Wage and Income Equality
Decreasing the National Debt
Enhancing Cyber Security
Preserving Medicare &amp; Medicaid
Supporting Our Veterans and their Families
Protecting Social Security
Quality and Affordable Health Care
Preventing Gun Violence
Investing in Education
Spurring Economic Growth and Job Creation
*By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here .
Sincerely,
Maxine Waters
Member of Congress
NY Times Article Details Rep. Waters&rsquo; Concerns on Spending Bill
&ldquo;Last week, the New York Times reported on my concerns with legislation that passed in Congress to fund the federal government and avert a government shutdown. While I believe this agreement is an improvement over the harmful budget cuts caused by the sequester, I believe this bill does not adequately fund government entities charged with monitoring Wall Street&rsquo;s behavior, shortchanges many of our housing programs and declines to promote a strong global economy.&rdquo;
Read the article here.
Rep. Waters Calls for Improved Security at LAX
"I recently sent a letter to Transportation Security Administration (TSA) Administrator John Pistole, expressing concerns about airport security in the aftermath of the tragic shooting incident at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX).
In the letter, I expressed the importance of having law enforcement officers stationed within 300 feet of TSA passenger screening checkpoints and the need for airport police to have access to all airport security cameras."
Click here to read more.
Waters Leads Colleagues in Call for Answers on Target Data Breach
"In the wake of the massive Target data breach that compromised more than 40 million credit and debit card accounts as well as the personally identifiable information of as many as 70 million consumers, I led Democratic members of the Financial Services Committee in calling for an inquiry into the problem. In a letter to Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R-TX), my colleagues and I requested a full Committee hearing to explore the recent data breach, review current laws designed to protect consumers and determine what can be done to ensure the future security of consumers&rsquo; card information."
Click here to read more.
Congresswoman Waters Presents Congressional Award to Torrance Resident Max Kaplan
Congresswoman Waters Joins With Mary Mary to Encourage Breast Cancer Survivors to Stay Strong!
Rep. Waters presented Torrance resident and Princeton University student Max Kaplan with a Congressional Award Gold Medal during a recent Torrance City Council meeting. The Congressional Award is a public private partnership created by Congress in 1979 to promote and recognize achievement, initiative and service in America&rsquo;s youth. Max volunteered as one of six student delegates statewide for the California State PTA Board of Managers where he helped build awareness about the importance of education and the Parent Teachers Association.
Rep. Waters, a longtime advocate of breast cancer awareness, education and research, showed support for
women and their families struggling with breast cancer at the inaugural Life Worth Saving Awards event this past weekend. The founder of Life Worth Saving, Yvette Pye, is in her third fight against cancer. The event was held at the Century Community Charter School in Inglewood, and honored three "Cancer Warriors." Attendees included gospel duo Mary Mary.
Please do not reply to this email. To contact my office,
please click here .
Contact Congresswoman Maxine Waters
LOS ANGELES
10124 S. Broadway, Suite 1
Los Angeles, CA 90003
Phone: (323) 757-8900
Fax: (323) 757-9506
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2221 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2201
Fax: (202) 225-7854
Unsubscribe
