
November 24, 2013
Click here
to view this email in your browser
Harnessing America's Energy Potential
House-Passed Legislation Advances North American Energy Independence
When America buys oil from hostile nations abroad we are literally funding both sides of the War on Terror.
While we have vast energy resources that we can safely develop right here at home, some insist that shut them off and continue buying foreign oil.
Their underlying assumption is that Saudi Arabia or Venezuela can produce energy in a more environmentally sensitive fashion that the United States.
That simply is not true.
By pursuing an all-of-the-above energy agenda and harnessing Americas energy potential, we can achieve North American energy independence, bring down energy costs, create jobs, and revitalize American manufacturing.
Unfortunately,
the Obama Administration has taken a hostile approach to American energy .
Since 2009, federal oil production is down nearly eight percent and federal natural gas production is down 21 percent.
The Administration has also proposed regulations that would hamper advances in energy development and would
increase energy costs by more than $345 million annually.
All this at a time when families can least afford it.
Last week, the House advanced two pieces of bipartisan legislation that would allow for the safe and environmentally sound production of American energy.
First, the
Federal Lands Jobs and Energy Security Act
would eliminate government roadblocks and bureaucratic red tape that prevent the responsible production of renewable and conventional energy on federal lands.
Second, the
Protecting States Rights to Promote American Energy Security Act
would limit the Obama Administrations ability to impose duplicative federal regulations on energy production through hydraulic fracturing.
An
independent report
found that shale oil and natural gas production accounted for 1.7 million jobs last year and another found that it
saves the average American family $100 on their energy bill each year .
Pricewaterhouse Coopers found that the practice saves American manufacturers $11.6 billion annually through lower natural gas prices. Can you imagine how many jobs are created by that savings?
With the right federal energy policy, the United States can achieve North American energy independence.
The House has done its part and now its time for President Obama and Senate Democrats to join us.
---
Do you support an all-of-the-above energy policy for the United States?
Weigh in by taking my online poll.
E-MAIL SIGN-UP &gt;
Technological developments have opened vast new American energy resources to development.
According to the U.S. Geological Survey America's energy reserves are six times those of Saudi Arabia.
Do you support an all-of-the-above energy policy that includes development of shale oil resources?
Weigh in my taking my online poll.
LATEST NEWS
Kingston Introduces Bill to Preserve U.S. Security Interests
Kingston Acts to Restore Health Coverage for Georgians
Bipartisan, Bicameral Group Urges Pentagon to Ensure Troops Have Necessary Close Air Support
CONNECT
NOTE:
Please
do not
respond to this email as this inbox is unattended.
To better and more efficiently meet your needs in a timely manner, we use a web form which can be found by
clicking here .
Was this email forwarded to you?
To receive regular email updates from me on current issues or upcoming events, visit
http://kingston.house.gov/connect
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
PRIVACY POLICY
Click Here Click Here