
Hatch Dispatch:
The $30 Billion Medical Device Tax. .
.A Detriment to Innovation and Job
Creation
Dear Friend:
Its always great to get out of
Washington and back home to Utah, as I was able
to this week. Ive been able to meet with
many of you and attend a lot of great events and
meetings in a number of communities around the
state. One such event I had the pleasure of
participating in was a tour of the Utah Facility
of BD Medical in Sandy. It was a great
opportunity to see first-hand the manufacturing
and technological processes of the products
manufactured at the facility, and some of the
1,000 Utahns working at this world-class
facility.
BD Medical is a segment of BD (Becton,
Dickinson and Company), a leading global medical
technology company. The Utah location is one
BDs largest manufacturing locations,
producing IV catheters that are sold throughout
the world.
This visit not only gave me the opportunity to
witness what makes this company so successful,
but it also gave me an opportunity to discuss a
number of important issues with company
associates that impact their industry
in
particular the Medical Device Tax which is part
of the funding for ObamaCare.
(Looking at some
of the products BD Utah manufactures)
As Ive said here often and so many
Utahns know, Obamacare is a disaster. The
Presidents health law created a web of
misguided, unrealistic, and costly regulations,
taxes, fees and penalties that are hitting
Americans right in their pockets. And there are
few things more emblematic of that laws
failures than the medical device tax.
This tax does nothing to improve health care,
but it is hurting job-creating companies in Utah
and across the country. There are currently more
than 120 medical device companies in Utah
employing thousands of Utahns. They each
contribute greatly to our states economy
and provide high-paying jobs for our
citizens.
According to a recent survey of medical
technology executives conducted by the Medical
Device Manufacturers Association:
o Two
thirds of survey respondents are reducing or
halting job creation or relocating outside of the
United States as a direct result of the medical
device tax.
o Nearly half of
respondents stated that they are reducing R&amp;D
to pay for the tax.
o On average, these
companies plan to cut 18 percent of their R&amp;D
budgets.
o And while venture
capital investment in biotechnology is on the
rise, investment in medical technology fell by 17
percent in 2013.
Repealing the medical device tax is a priority
of mine and in fact I helped sponsor an amendment
to last years budget bill to end this tax
which passed with a bipartisan vote of 79 to 20.
But despite the broad bipartisan support to
repeal the tax, the President refuses to budge
even though the impact is clear.
This tax simply must go. It is a drain on
innovation, on job creation and on our ability to
provide ground-breaking medical technologies to
patients.
Our life sciences sector in Utah has come too
far and done too much good for too many people to
continue to be harmed by this damaging tax.
Companies like BD are leading the way in our
state and in this industry worldwide, and I look
forward to continuing to work together with them
and with you to stand up for our state.
Sincerely,
Orrin Hatch
Home
|
Contact
Us
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Senator Orrin Hatch
104 Hart Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5251
Fax: (202) 224-6331