
NEWS FROM WASHINGTON
Greetings,
It's great to be back in Washington to serve Georgia's 11th Congressional District at the start of the second session of the 113th Congress. Here's a look at what I've been working on to kick off the new year.
Fighting for healthcare transparency
On Friday, I voted in favor of H.R. 3811, the Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act, which passed the House by a vote of 291-122. This legislation requires the Department of Health and Human Services to contact health exchange enrollees if their personal information has been compromised within two days of a data security breach. This administration has given the American people ample reason to doubt Obamacare's readiness and security, and they deserve to know if their personal data is being jeopardized.
Yesterday, President Obama threatened to strike down this commonsense effort, but the bill garnered a veto-proof bipartisan majority. It's unthinkable that President Obama would want to veto a 'no-brainer' security measure that gives consumers the transparency they deserve. It's the least he could do after all of the uncertainty his "train wreck" law has caused."
Rejecting President Obama's leftist Immigration agenda
Last week, I joined other House conservatives in rejecting President Obama's call for Congress to support the irresponsible 'gang of eight' Senate bill. In particular, we voiced our opposition to his initiatives that would allow tens of millions of permanent immigrant workers - as well as temporary guest workers - into our country, sinking wages while increasing our unemployment rate.
Over and over, President Obama claims that job creation is his top priority, but his policies do just the opposite. In an economy where workers are already underpaid and underemployed, we simply cannot afford to increase our already staggering number of job-seekers and further restrain their opportunity for employment. This administration must stop forcing Americans to take a back seat to foreign workers and special interests.
Empowering patients first
Last week, I cosponsored H.R. 2300, the Empowering Patients First Act - authored by my friend and colleague, Tom Price. This bill repeals Obamacare and replaces it with market-based reforms that center around the power of consumer choice and enhancing the doctor-patient relationship.
As a doctor, I know all-to-well how disastrous President Obama's takeover of the medical industry will be for physicians and their patients. That's why I'll remain steadfast in my commitment to the full repeal of this "train wreck" law and supporting measures like this bill that provide quality, affordable, health care to patients.
Fighting for veteran care, transparency
In light of three recent deaths at the Charlie Norwood Augusta Veterans Affairs Medical Center (VAMC), I joined several House colleagues and House Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller in attending a briefing last Monday at the facility to question hospital officials and examine the center's response to the tragedy.
We owe our servicemen and women access to a quality health care system that works, not one where red-tape and months of backlogs result in patient deaths and further medical complications. These deaths are inexcusable, and those responsible must be terminated -- not simply shuffled into a new office. I will continue fighting to uncover the true events that led to this tragedy and ensure that they never happen again.
Photo of the week
I had a great time at last week's Georgia State Society reception in the Capitol Visitors Center. Here in D.C., it's always good to see a few familiar faces from home.
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me email updates.
Click Here
FORWARD THIS EMAIL
You can send this message on to your friends and family
Click Here
Home
|
About Phil
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
Contact Us
