
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
Still Strong, Still Committed, Still City College
January 10, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
Still Strong, Still Committed, Still City College
Education is the best investment we can make in our children and our nation&rsquo;s future. Community colleges and lifelong learning play a pivotal role across the county and in San Francisco in preparing for the challenges of the 21st century. When we, as a city, take inventory of our strengths, City College of San Francisco (CCSF) sits atop that list. Contributing nearly $300 million in local economic activity every year, San Franciscans are proud of City College, proud of the thousands of students&mdash;young and old, gaining skills or transitioning careers&mdash;who make our city and our economy vibrant and diverse.
CCSF is a shining beacon for many students, whose pathway to graduation is not an easy one, working towards a quality higher education. Many City College students are the first in their family to graduate from college, earning their degree while balancing work and raising families, and taking classes with the hope of transferring to a four-year institution.
Following the clear and transparent
Roadmap to Success , City College has been hard at work and utilizing every resource to ensure that solutions are reached and implemented for the livelihood of thousands of students who depend on CCSF. Major progress and benchmarks have been made as community leaders forge ahead. I am confident that, with the significant progress made by the Special Trustee and new Chancellor, CCSF will continue to meet the benchmarks needed to keep the doors open for students.
Enrollment for the spring is happening now . Whether for the first time, or mid-career, or just to expand your knowledge and learn something new, the City College of San Francisco can help build the ladders of opportunity for success. CCSF is still strong, still committed, and still City College.
Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi joined community leaders at City College of San Francisco&rsquo;s (CCSF) Chinatown/North Beach Campus to highlight the significant progress made by City College and emphasized the vital impact CCSF&rsquo;s open doors have on our community.
The Fight to End Poverty, 50 Years Later
President Johnson stood before Congress fifty years ago and declared &lsquo;unconditional war on poverty&rsquo; in America.
The richest nation on earth, Johnson said, cannot afford to leave millions of its citizens trapped in squalor, misery and unemployment.
House Republicans have once again demonstrated a callous and shameful disregard for these millions of hardworking Americans facing economic hardship. Each week, another 72,000 Americans join the 1.4 million who have already lost much-needed financial support after Republicans failed to extend unemployment insurance last month.
These are men and women &ndash; our neighbors, family, and friends &ndash; who worked hard, played by the rules, and lost
their jobs through no fault of their own.
Instead of joining Democrats in our effort to renew this lifeline for three months, they refuse to even consider a vote on legislation that has received bipartisan support in the Senate. This insistence on leaving Americans out in the cold has already cost state economies $400 million and could cost our country 240,000 jobs this year.
It is time to restore emergency unemployment insurance for the many Americans still searching for work who were cut off from this critical lifeline right in the middle of the holidays.
It is time to create jobs and restore fairness for the hard working men and women of America by raising the minimum wage.
It is time to renew our commitment to rooting out poverty in America, and end poverty in this nation.
Lights. Camera. Education!
The White House is hosting the first ever White House Student Film Festival this February for students in grades K-12. Focusing on a topic of technology in the classroom, winning films will be screened in Washington at the White House next month. Films must be submitted by January 29, 2014.
If you are a student filmmaker, or have a friend or family member who may be interested, please visit
the White House Film Festival webpage .
Who&rsquo;s Got it Better Than Us?
After the 49ers exciting&mdash;and freezing&mdash;victory over the Green Bay Packers last Sunday, we have all turned our attention toward the next step on the road to Super Bowl XLVIII. Congressman Richard Hudson (R-NC) and I have made a friendly wager over this Sunday&rsquo;s playoff game between our San Francisco 49ers and his Carolina Panthers. While I have agreed to provide Hudson with San Francisco favorites like sourdough bread from Boudin&rsquo;s Bakery and chocolate from Ghiradelli and TCHO should the Panthers win, I expect those treats to remain at home. I am looking forward to watching our Niners flatten the Panthers, and continue their march back to the Super Bowl.
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
