DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Home
Serving You
1st District
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
Happy Thanksgiving
Dear Friends,
Before I sit down with my family for a Thanksgiving meal, I want to share with you a message of thankfulness. I am incredibly honored to represent New Mexicos First District in Congress and I want to thank you for giving me the opportunity to serve.
For many, Thanksgiving is a holiday full of traditions. In our family, my daughters and I enjoy our time together as we prepare the feast. Each Thanksgiving, my family also takes time to help others in our community. As we enter the holiday season, I hope you will join me in assisting in any way you can
whether that means volunteering at a soup kitchen, donating to a food pantry, or participating in a clothing drive. Every action makes a difference.
On Thanksgiving, we come together not only as families, but as a country. It is an important time to remember that what unites us as Americans is far stronger than what divides us. I also ask you to keep in your thoughts and prayers the brave men and women who are serving our country overseas instead of celebrating Thanksgiving with their loved ones. It is because of their sacrifice that we can enjoy this uniquely American holiday.
Happy Thanksgiving and Happy Hanukkah,
Michelle Lujan Grisham
Member of Congress
First District of New Mexico
P.S. As always, if I can be of any assistance, please do not hesitate to contact my Albuquerque district office at (505) 346-6781.
E-Newsletter
Sign up and receive our latest news and information
Tell A Friend
Click here
to spread the word by emailing to a friend!
Contact Michelle
Send Michelle an email with your questions or comments
Connect With Michelle
NEW MEXICO OFFICE
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
505 Marquette Ave, NW
Suite 1605
Albuquerque, NM 87102
phone: 505-346-6781
214 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-6316
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here