
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
News Center
Constituent Services
Issues
About the District
About Me
Contact
Us
January 10, 2014
Congressman Lipinski Hosts
Veterans, Senior Fairs
in Oak Lawn, Mount
Greenwood
Congressman Lipinski wrapped up 2013 with a Veterans Fair in Oak Lawn and a
Senior Fair in Chicagos Mount Greenwood neighborhood. At both
events, congressional staff as well as 50 agencies, organizations, and
businesses that specialize in providing services to veterans and seniors
were on hand to provide assistance with a variety of issues, including
Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, military personnel and medical
records, veterans claims and benefits, Veterans Affairs hospital
billing, and GI Bill information.
Thanks to everyone who attended my Veterans Fair
at Johnson-Phelps VFW Post 5220 in Oak Lawn and my Senior Fair at Mount
Greenwood Park. Over the last two months, I also hosted events in
Bedford Park, Romeoville, Homer Glen and Countryside to provide
assistance to seniors and veterans. One of my top priorities is helping
constituents by bringing the services they need directly to their
communities. I will be hosting more of these events throughout the Third District
in 2014. In the meantime, you are always welcome to reach out to my
district offices in Oak Lawn, Orland Park, Lockport, and Chicago at any
time for assistance. It is a privilege to serve
you.
Congressman Helps Palos
Heights Vietnam Vet
Receive Bronze
Star
At his Veterans Fair in Oak Lawn,
Congressman Lipinski presented Dr. William DeRose, of Palos Heights, with the
Bronze Star he earned for his work as an Army doctor during the
Vietnam War. As part of his commitment to making sure veterans get the
assistance and recognition they deserve, the congressman has helped
numerous veterans obtain medals they earned but never received. Dr. DeRose
left the service with the rank of captain and was given by a superior
officer a Bronze Star that was never officially recognized by the
military. Congressman Lipinskis office caught and corrected the paperwork
error when Dr. DeRose asked for help obtaining his Army personnel
file.
I am
honored to take part in this special day for Dr. DeRose and proud that
my office was able to get him the Bronze Star that he earned, but
never officially received after all of these years. Our veterans
courageously served this country. As the congressman for the Third District,
it is extremely important to me that they get the recognition they
deserve for the sacrifices they have made on our behalf. If you are a
veteran who may not have received medals that you rightfully earned,
please contact my office for
assistance.
Honoring Americas Veterans on
Wreaths Across
America Day in Oak Lawn
Congressman Lipinski was joined by Mayor Sandra Bury and members
of the Johnson-Phelps VFW Post 5220 for the Wreaths Across America
ceremony at Oak Lawns Patriot Metra Station. Wreaths Across America is a
national event that began more than 20 years ago with the placing of
wreaths on the headstones of the nation's fallen heroes at Arlington
National Cemetery during the holiday season. Each year since 2008,
Congress has issued a proclamation officially recognizing Wreaths Across
America Day, typically the second Saturday in December. This year,
more than 800 events were held nationwide to pay tribute to all veterans
and their families by laying wreaths at veterans cemeteries, memorials
and other locations to remember those who sacrificed for their
country.
At a time when the hustle and bustle of the Christmas season
can be overwhelming, it is only appropriate that we collectively pause
and acknowledge the sacrifices made by our veterans and their families
and what they have given all of us. Wreaths Across America remembers
our nations heroes, as well as captures the true spirit of the
season.
Congressman Lipinski Welcomes Polish Hero
Lech Walesa in
Washington
The congressman
recently met with Polish hero and international statesman Lech Walesa
at the Washington, D.C., opening of Man of Hope, the movie
chronicling his incredible rise from an electrician in the Gdansk shipyards and
leader of the movement that felled Soviet communism to the first
democratically elected president of post-communist Poland. A monument to
Walesa and the Solidarity movement stands in the congressmans district
at Archer Avenue and 55th Street in Chicagos Garfield Ridge
community. As co-chair of the Congressional Caucus on Poland, Congressman
Lipinski has been a leader in the push to admit Poland to the Visa Waiver
Program so its citizens wont have to go through the difficult process
of obtaining a visa in order to visit the United States for weddings,
baptisms and other family events. Appearing in the photo with Walesa
and the congressman is fellow co-chair of the Congressional Caucus on
Poland, Rep. Michael Grimm (NY-11).
Lech Walesa will always be one of my
personal heroes for his spirit and tenacity in the face of seemingly
insurmountable obstacles. He is one of the greatest freedom fighters of our
time, whose strong Catholic faith and devotion to personal liberty
were central to the end of the Cold War. Lech Walesa is the embodiment of
the tremendous feats just one man can accomplish. His story deserves
to be told time and time
again.
Congressman Works to Protect Local
Communities Following Seismic Event in McCook
As part of his efforts to find out what caused
the Nov. 4 seismic event that shook several communities in his
district, Congressman Lipinski worked with Northwestern
University and the United States
Geological Survey (USGS) to install a seismograph at the Hanson Materials
quarry in McCook. The seismograph, put in place in order to record and
upload readings to the USGS around the clock, will provide the first
comprehensive information on seismic activity in the area. Prior to the
Nov. 4 event, the only seismic activity at the quarry being recorded was
limited and performed by Hanson Materials immediately before, during,
and after scheduled blastings.
Two months after the event that alarmed
so many throughout our communities, it is clear that the answers to
some of the key questions will take time and significant study. This
seismograph is one piece to help us solve the puzzle as to why these
events have occurred and, most important, what can be done to prevent
them from happening again. I am committed to continuing to work with our
communities, Hanson Materials, and the relevant federal agencies to
learn as much as we can about what exactly happened so we can protect
homeowners and businesses. I am also hopeful that the state agencies
responsible for granting permits and overseeing quarries and mines in
Illinois will begin to take a closer look at what has happened and what
should be done in the future to try to prevent such an occurrence from
happening
again.
Washington, D.C. Office
1717
Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
P (202) 225 - 5701 |
P (866)
822 - 5701
F (202) 225 - 1012
Chicago Office
6245 South Archer Avenue
Chicago, IL 60638
P (312) 886 - 0481
F (773) 767 - 9395
Oak Lawn Office
5309 West 95th Street
Oak Lawn, IL 60453
P (708) 424 - 0853
F (708) 424 - 1855
Lockport Office
Central Square Building
222 E. 9th Street #109
Lockport, IL 60441
P (815) 838-1990
F (815)
838-1993
Orland Park Office
Orland Park Village Hall
14700 S. Ravinia Avenue
Orland
Park, IL 60462
P (708) 403-4379
F (708)
403-5963
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
