
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
December 20, 2013
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
CONSTITUENTS
|
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
|
NEWSROOM
|
DISTRICT
Dear Friend,
Congress has come together every year for half
a century to pass the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA),
which authorizes funding and sets policy for the Department of
Defense.
With numerous critical provisions and protections included
in this legislation, this year was no different. The bill was passed
by the House last week and by the Senate this week.
At its
core,
the 2014 NDAA
takes
significant steps to protect and support American servicemembers, American
businesses and Americas national security. I worked across the aisle
to author numerous sections of this bill that will ultimately give the
men and women of our armed forces state-of-the-art resources for their
increased safety and success, as well as support the innovative
businesses and military bases,
many right
here in Massachusetts , that develop them.
I authored
several provisions that highlight the innovative work being done at
Natick Soldier Systems Center and Hanscom Air Force Base. For example, a
provision I authored allows for installations such as Natick to focus
on updating and maintaining the infrastructure that allows them to
continue their cutting-edge research and development.
In
regard to the disturbing prevalence of sexual assault in the military,
I have worked closely with Rep. Turner
(R-OH)
and other colleagues to develop unprecedented requirements
in the FY14 NDAA that demand more of our military commanders and
increase and expand support for survivors. Our changes offer considerable
momentum toward changing the deep-rooted and flawed culture that has
allowed these crimes to pervade our armed forces for far too long. Our
work is not done. This is a multifaceted challenge and we will
continue to pursue meaningful and substantial reform aimed at eradicating
sexual assault in the military.
As with all bills of this
size, there were pieces that I was not happy with. I oppose the
continued funding for Guantanamo Bay and support measures to close the
detention facility.
But by not passing an NDAA, we would deny
needed resources to servicemembers, as well as impact incentives for
those serving in some of the most dangerous circumstances around the
globe. That is not the way to serve those who so selflessly serve their
country.
Please be sure to scroll down to read more
information on some of the other topics on which I have been
working.
As always, I hope that you continue to provide me with your
thoughts, feedback, and opinions on these or any other subjects via my
website
or on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Happy holidays from my
family to yours!
Sincerely,
Niki
Tsongas
CONGRATULATIONS
KATHERINE CLARK
Last week Katherine Clark was elected
to the US House of Representatives, filling the 5 th
Congressional District seat vacated by now-Senator Ed Markey. She was sworn in
on Thursday, December 12.
Six years ago, there wasnt a
single woman representing Massachusetts in Congress. We made history
last year when we elected Elizabeth Warren to serve as the first female
Senator from Massachusetts. As Katherine Clark joins the delegation
in the House of Representatives, Massachusetts gains another strong
voice to its increasingly diverse Congressional
delegation.
I congratulate Katherine on her election and look forward to working
with her for the families of Massachusetts.
Click here to read
more
LOWELL
TRIAL COURT ANNOUNCEMENT
Governor Deval Patrick
has announced details about the design and plan for a new $175
million Lowell Trial Court. The new Trial Court is proposed for the
Hamilton Canal District and will include state-of-the-art facilities
for the Superior, District, Probate &amp; Family, Juvenile and Housing
Courts for Northern Middlesex County. The project is expected to break
ground in the spring of 2015 and be completed in
2017.
The new Trial Court will be a modern cutting-edge, energy efficient
building that will set a new standard for sustainable design and quality
of environment for visitors and staff.
It will serve as a new
landmark in the heart of Lowell and a symbol of the citys
reinvention.
Throughout the rejuvenation of the Hamilton Canal
District, my office has worked closely with all parties across all levels of
government and the private sector to secure funding and keep this
transformative project moving forward. The Trial Court announcement is
reflective of the crucial partnerships that are necessary to envision and
execute innovative development ideas.
Click here to read
more
FITCHBURG
COMPANY TOUR
This week I visited SteelFab in
Fitchburg to tour the facility and meet with officials, employees and
clients.
SteelFab was founded in 1966 and has since been
privately owned in Fitchburg. They are a 48-employee manufacturer and
designer of water control gates and valves, gate operating systems and
custom steel fabrications. SteelFab created a niche industry in the 1980s
and later expanded into design work, where they have found success
by offering both the ability to manufacture from a company blueprint,
or work with a company from the start of the design
process.
I have strongly advocated for a Make it in America agenda to help
grow the domestic manufacturing base and promote policies that keep
jobs in the United States rather than having them sent overseas. This
visit continued my efforts to engage with local manufacturers to get
their input regarding how we can nurture American manufacturing, how we
can pursue renewable energy opportunities, how we can do a better job
of training and retraining to meet the high-tech needs of employers,
and how we can ensure that good jobs are available at every skill
level.by providing women with access to preventative services. Birth
control is a vital part of womens health care and is covered by health
plans free of charge under the ACA, allowing a woman and her doctornot
her boss or Washington politiciansto decide whats best. Whats at
stake in this case is whether for-profit corporations or a woman herself
is in control of her health decisions. Empowering corporate CEOs to
choose which medications their health plans cover could lead to a very
dangerous precedent in which a womans health decisions are not her
own.
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Please Feel Free
to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Office Locations
Washington D.C.
Office
1607 Longworth House Office Building | Washington, DC
20515
Phone:(202) 2253411 |
Fax: (202) 2260771
Lowell MA Office
11 Kearney Square, 4th
Floor
Lowell, MA 01852
Hours: Mon.
Fri., 9:00am
5:00pm
Phone: 978.459.0101
Fax:
9784591907
Haverhill
Haverhill Citizens
Center
10 Welcome St, Room 4
Haverhill, MA 01830
Hours: Tues., 9:00am
11:00am
Phone:
9784590101
Marlborough
Frank D. Walker
Building
255 Main St, Room 108
Marlborough, MA
01752
Hours: Thurs., 10:00am
12:00pm
Phone:
9784590101
Lawrence MA Office
15
Union Street, Suite 401
Lawrence, MA 01840
Hours:
Tues. &amp; Wed., 10:00am
5:00pm
Phone: 9786816200
Fax: 9786826070
Tues., Wed., 10AM - 5PM
Fitchburg
Fitchburg State University
Center for Professional Studies
Office | 150 Main Street Fitchburg, MA 01420
Hours: Tues.
&amp; Thurs., 10:00am
1:00pm | Phone: 9784590101
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway
mail end 