
The Sam Johnson Journal
January 15, 2014
What to Expect in This Edition:
Social Security Disability Fraud in New York
Protect our veterans, prevent child tax credit fraud
Spending bill, spends too much: Omnibus
H.R. 3811, Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act of 2014
H.R. 3362, Exchange Information Disclosure Act
Grand Opening to McKinney High Schools Renovations
Upcoming Event: Valentines for Veterans
First, let me say Happy New Year!
As we begin a new year, I will continue to make it a top priority of 2014 to get our fiscal house in order and ensure that your hard-earned tax dollars are getting the biggest bang for their buck.
Washington Update
Social Security Disability Fraud in New York
You may be aware of my ongoing efforts to root out Washingtons rampant waste, fraud, and abuse, well last week we received some truly disturbing news from New York, sending a clear signal that Congress has a lot of work to do.
One hundred and two Social Security Disability Insurance
beneficiaries as well as four facilitators were indicted for Social Security fraud.
Whats even more disheartening is that 80 of those arrested this week are former New York City police officers and firefighters.
The very men and women Americans trust to protect and seek justice have taken advantage of the system, leaving those who are truly deserving of the disability benefits at loss.
Reports say, these 106 people collected approximately $22 million in fraudulent benefits and most likely the cost extends further, potentially
millions more .
With the Disability Insurance program unable to pay full benefits as early as 2016, my number one priority has been to keep this program strong for those who truly need it.
Its time for Social Security to do the same.
In fact, tomorrow,
January 16, at 9:00 a.m. ET , I will
hold a hearing
to further investigate this scandal, hold the perpetrators accountable, and ensure that Social Security makes fighting fraud their #1 priority in 2014.
Click
here
to live stream the hearing.
Please view my floor statement
here
Furthermore, I recently sent a letter to the editors of the
Wall Street Journal
responding to their editorial,
Grand Theft Disability , which highlighted why Americans are fast losing confidence in Social Securitys ability to effectively manage the disability insurance program.
Read more
here .
Protect our veterans, prevent child tax credit fraud
To further fight egregious abuses, I recently joined my colleague, Representative Mike Fitzpatricks (PA-08) bipartisan effort to protect ALL veterans from a hit to their pensions due to a provision included in the Murray-Ryan budget,
the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 .
Fitzpatricks bill ( H.R. 3788 ) would replace the $6 billion savings in the budget, accomplished by reducing the Cost-of-Living Adjustment (COLA) for working age military retirees, with my bill ( H.R. 556 ) that would require tax filers to provide their Social Security numbers to claim the $1,000 refundable child tax credit.
Requiring Social Security numbers to claim the tax credit is a long-standing, common-sense policy.
Its one simple, easy fix, which the non-partisan Joint Tax Commission has estimated will save American taxpayers approximately
$24.4 billion .
Thats not pocket change!
Regardless of political ideologies, I think we can all agree that our men and women in uniform put their lives on the line to protect our freedoms, and we have the utmost responsibility to stand by them when they come home.
With this bill, we can both honor our commitment to those who have sacrificed and served this country while cutting spending and holding Washington accountable.
Spending bill, spends too much: Omnibus
Today, I voted against the fiscal year 2014 Consolidated Appropriations Act
also referred to as the Omnibus - to provide discretionary funding for the entire federal government for the fiscal year.
This bill is a trillion dollar, 1500-page spending monstrosity that reverses hard-fought spending cuts that are key to getting our fiscal house in order.
Across the nation, hardworking taxpayers have cut back and stretched their hard-earned dollars in order to make ends meet under the Obama economy; Washington, however, is loosening its belt.
Thats wrong!
Were facing a debt crisis because Washington spends and wastes too much.
As a fiscal conservative, you sent me to Washington to cut spending, balance the budget and pay down our debt -- not increase spending.
If we want to leave our children and grandchildren with the opportunity of a brighter future, we need to continue building on the fiscal progress we have made.
H.R. 3811
Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act of 2014
Last Friday, I voted in support of
H.R. 3811 , the
Heath Exchange Security and Transparency Act of 2014 , to require Health and Human Services to notify all individuals within a 48 hour period of their personal information being compromised through an ObamaCare exchange, both federal and state exchanges included.
Sadly, but not surprisingly, an internal memo was sent to the head of the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), the agency running healthcare.gov, warning that insufficient testing exposed a level of uncertainty that can be deemed as a high risk.
As someone who has made protecting Social Security numbers a priority, Im deeply concerned.
Its utterly irresponsible to launch a website knowing there is high-risk to the American peoples private information.
You see, Social Security numbers are the key to identity theft, yet CMS has consistently failed to protect seniors identity by refusing to remove Social Security numbers from Medicare cards.
Last February, I introduced
H.R. 781 , the
Medicare Identity Theft Prevent Act , with my Democrat colleague and fellow Texan, Lloyd Doggett to keep the private information of seniors just that
private.
Although many people disagree on the content of ObamaCare, we can all agree that Americans deserve to have their personal information secure.
View my floor statement here
H.R. 3362
Exchange Information Disclosure Act
Tomorrow, the House will take up
H.R. 3362 ,
Exchange Information Disclosure Act , to promote greater transparency and accountability from ObamaCare.
This bill would require the Administration to be more forthcoming and provide weekly reports on problems with healthcare.gov, including the efforts being made to resolve those problems.
Texans want, need and deserve transparency and openness from their government, especially when it directly affects their most personal needs, i.e. their health care.
Texas Update
Grand Opening of McKinney High Schools Renovations
Last Sunday, I saw dedication, innovation, and opportunity put into action at the grand opening of the new and improved McKinney High School, educating over 2,000 students in North Texas.
The renovations included new common areas, a new cafeteria, and an entire new wing of classrooms to increase the number of Career and Technology programs, providing our students with hands-on, real world experience.
Im proud to see the folks of North Texas investing their time, energy, and efforts to help our kids reach their fullest potential.
Education is the backbone to a young persons success and to the success of our countrys future.
When we see our kids succeed, we too succeed, and folks, thats priceless.
Upcoming Event: "Valentines for Veterans "
On
Tuesday, January 21 at 1:30 p.m.
CT , I will launch the annual Valentines for Veterans drive at Huffman Elementary School in Plano.
I encourage students of all ages across North Texas to hand-make valentines to be delivered to our veterans, the men and women who fought tirelessly to protect our freedoms.
What better way to spend Valentines Day than expressing our love and honor to those who never quit serving.
My staff will pick up valentines from schools from February 3-7.
To schedule a pick-up, contact Susan Fischer by February 3 at Susan.Fischer@mail.house.gov or by phone at 469-304-0382.
These men and women deserve our 110% support and our eternal gratitude for their service and sacrifice.
If we can brighten even one day, then it makes a difference.
Thank you for reading my e-newsletter.
If you enjoyed this newsletter, encourage your friends to subscribe by visiting my
website .
You also can find me on Facebook :
Sam Johnson
and Twitter :
@SamsPressShop .
Until next time, God bless you and God bless America.
Sincerely,
SAM JOHNSON
Member of Congress
Washington D.C. Office
1211 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4201
Texas Office
1255 W 15th Street, Suite 170
Plano, Texas 75075
Phone: (469) 304-0382
Fax: (469) 304-0392
Click Here Click Here