 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
TREGO COUNTY
Tuesday, Dec. 31 at 10:30 a.m.
Western Cooperative Electric
WaKeeney
SALINE COUNTY
Thursday, Jan. 9 at 1:30 p.m.
Salina Chamber of Commerce
Salina
OSBORNE COUNTY
Friday, Jan. 10 at 1:30 p.m.
Veterans' Building
Osborne
MITCHELL COUNTY
Friday, Jan. 10 at 3:30 p.m.
Municipal Building Trails Room
Beloit
Open Office Hours
GREENWOOD COUNTY
Monday, Jan. 6 at 1 p.m.
Eureka City Hall
Eureka
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
Kansas Common Sense
December 30, 2013
Dear Friend,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." I hope you and your family are
enjoying this holiday season. Robba and I wish you a Happy New Year and
send you our best wishes for the year ahead. I hope the New Year brings
a Congress better capable of working together for the well-being of our
nation. This week, I spoke with Cathy Dawes at 1350 KMAN in Manhattan
about my hopes for 2014 in Washington, D.C. Click here
to listen to the full interview.
Thanks for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it
would interest them.
Obamacare Exemptions and Delays Continue
The last couple of weeks have revealed additional evidence that
Obamacare is unworkable. Last Thursday, the Administration announced
that individuals with health insurance policies that were canceled
because they did not comply with Obamacare's requirements will be
allowed to purchase catastrophic coverage polices - high deductible
plans with limited benefits - in 2014. Additionally, these individuals
will now also qualify for a "hardship exemption" from the law's
individual mandate to carry health insurance or pay a tax. Then this
Monday, without any public announcement, the Administration extended
the deadline to enroll in an Obamacare exchange plan by 24 hours.
The President continues to change this flawed health care law when it's
politically expedient, but without any input or action from Congress.
Click here
to watch me
discuss these delays and changes, and the lack of input from the Senate
with Ed Henry on Fox News Channel.
It is telling that the President now classifies his law as a "hardship"
for many due to the cost increases it has triggered. The President's
decision to waive Obamacare rules for some while forcing others to
purchase more expensive insurance products that they may not need or
want is irrational. I am hopeful that President Obama will soon realize
that we must work together in order to truly improve health care in our
country - and it is becoming increasingly clear the Affordable Care Act
is not the way to do it.
Waterville Listening Tour Stop
On Friday, I continued the Kansas Listening Tour with a Town Hall
meeting at the historicWeaver Hotel in Waterville. Attendees shared
their thoughts and concerns about a range of issues facing Kansas and
our nation including the importance of finishing a Farm Bill, Obamacare
and keeping rural communities alive and well. Thanks to Pam White,
LueAnn Roepke and Sandy Harding of The Weaver Hotel for hosting us.
Click here
to see a
photo from the Listening Tour stop.
Grandview Plaza Listening Tour Stop
On Saturday, I held my last Kansas Listening Tour stop of the week in
Geary County at Stacy's Restaurant in Grandview Plaza. Folks stopped by
to discuss the Ryan-Murray budget agreement, veteran and military
issues, my plan to improve health care in our country, the local water
district, highway funding, and the need for Republicans and Democrats
to work together. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas Common Sense and
for the great breakfast served by Stacy's Restaurant. Click here
to see a
photo from the stop in Grandview Plaza.
Again, I appreciate these opportunities to hear from Kansans. I have
upcoming Listening Tour stops this Tuesday in WaKeeney at Western
Cooperative Electric, next Thursday at the Chamber of Commerce in
Salina, and next Friday in Beloit at the Municipal Building. You can
find out more about these town hall meetings in the sidebar of this
newsletter. As I continue to schedule Listening Tour stops, I look
forward to hearing from folks across the state.
Thanks to Fall/Winter 2013 Interns
My own interest in public service was sparked by an internship for
Kansas First District Congressman Keith Sebelius in 1974. As an intern,
I had the chance to learn firsthand how a Congressional office operates
and how the legislative process works.
I am proud to be able to offer this same opportunity in my Senate
office today where I have interns year-round who have a unique
opportunity to work closely with my staff on behalf of Kansans. Thanks
to the fall/winter 2013 interns - Josh Allmayer, Tulane University
Graduate; Annie Chestnut, Wheaton College Graduate; Braden Dreiling,
Fort Hays State University Graduate; and Alex Jensen, University of
Kansas Graduate and George Mason University School of Law Student - for
all of your hard work. I wish you the best of luck as you pursue your
dreams and begin your careers.
Applications
are already being accepted
for internships in my Washington, D.C., office for the summer 2014
term. Congressional internships are open to qualified undergraduate and
graduate students who have an interest in public service and have
achieved academic excellence.
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one
of my Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING
UP Kansas
Listening Tour
TREGO COUNTY
Tuesday, Dec. 31 at
10:30 a.m.
Western Cooperative Electric WaKeeney
SALINE COUNTY Thursday,
Jan. 9 at
1:30 p.m. Salina
Chamber of Commerce Salina
OSBORNE COUNTY Friday,
Jan. 10 at
1:30 p.m. Veterans'
Building Osborne
MITCHELL COUNTY Friday,
Jan. 10 at
3:30 p.m. Municipal
Building Trails Room Beloit
Open Office Hours
GREENWOOD COUNTY Monday,
Jan. 6 at
1 p.m. Eureka
City Hall Eureka
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
Kansas
Common Sense December
30, 2013
Dear
Friend,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; I hope you and your family are enjoying this holiday season. Robba
and I wish you a Happy New Year and send you our best wishes for the year ahead. I hope the New Year
brings a Congress better capable of working together for the well-being of our nation. This week, I spoke
with Cathy Dawes at 1350 KMAN in Manhattan about my hopes for 2014 in Washington, D.C.
Click
here
to listen to the full interview.
Thanks
for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to your
family and friends if it would interest them.
Obamacare Exemptions and Delays Continue
The last couple
of weeks have revealed additional evidence that Obamacare is unworkable. Last Thursday, the Administration
announced that individuals with health insurance policies that were canceled because they did not comply
with Obamacare&#8217;s requirements will be allowed to purchase catastrophic coverage polices &#8211;
high deductible plans with limited benefits &#8211; in 2014. Additionally, these individuals will now
also qualify for a &#8220;hardship exemption&#8221; from the law&#8217;s individual mandate to carry
health insurance or pay a tax. Then this Monday, without any public announcement, the Administration
extended the deadline to enroll in an Obamacare exchange plan by 24 hours.
The
President continues to change this flawed health care law when it&#8217;s politically expedient, but
without any input or action from Congress.
Click
here
to watch me discuss these
delays and changes, and the lack of input from the Senate with Ed Henry on Fox News Channel.
It is telling that the President now classifies his law as a &#8220;hardship&#8221; for many due
to the cost increases it has triggered. The President&#8217;s decision to waive Obamacare rules for some
while forcing others to purchase more expensive insurance products that they may not need or want is
irrational. I am hopeful that President Obama will soon realize that we must work together in order to
truly improve health care in our country &#8211; and it is becoming increasingly clear the Affordable
Care Act is not the way to do it.
Waterville
Listening Tour Stop
On Friday, I continued the Kansas Listening Tour with a Town Hall
meeting at the historicWeaver Hotel in Waterville. Attendees shared their thoughts and concerns about
a range of issues facing Kansas and our nation including the importance of finishing a Farm Bill, Obamacare
and keeping rural communities alive and well. Thanks to Pam White, LueAnn Roepke and Sandy Harding of
The Weaver Hotel for hosting us.
Click
here
to see a photo from the
Listening Tour stop.
Grandview Plaza Listening Tour Stop On Saturday,
I held my last Kansas Listening Tour stop of the week in Geary County at Stacy&#8217;s Restaurant in
Grandview Plaza. Folks stopped by to discuss the Ryan-Murray budget agreement, veteran and military issues,
my plan to improve health care in our country, the local water district, highway funding, and the need
for Republicans and Democrats to work together. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas Common Sense and for
the great breakfast served by Stacy&#8217;s Restaurant.
Click
here
to see a photo from the stop in Grandview Plaza.
Again, I appreciate these opportunities to hear from Kansans. I have upcoming Listening Tour stops
this Tuesday in WaKeeney at Western Cooperative Electric, next Thursday at the Chamber of Commerce in
Salina, and next Friday in Beloit at the Municipal Building. You can find out more about these town hall
meetings in the sidebar of this newsletter. As I continue to schedule Listening Tour stops, I look forward
to hearing from folks across the state.
Thanks
to Fall/Winter 2013 Interns
My own interest in public service was sparked by an internship for
Kansas First District Congressman Keith Sebelius in 1974. As an intern, I had the chance to learn firsthand
how a Congressional office operates and how the legislative process works.
I am proud to be able to offer this same opportunity in my Senate office today where I have interns
year-round who have a unique opportunity to work closely with my staff on behalf of Kansans. Thanks to
the fall/winter 2013 interns &#8212; Josh Allmayer, Tulane University Graduate; Annie Chestnut, Wheaton
College Graduate; Braden Dreiling, Fort Hays State University Graduate; and Alex Jensen, University of
Kansas Graduate and
George
Mason University School of Law Student
&#8212;
for all of your hard work. I wish you the best of luck as you pursue your dreams and begin your careers.
Applications
are
already being accepted for internships in my Washington, D.C., office for the summer 2014 term. Congressional
internships are open to qualified undergraduate and graduate students who have an interest in public
service and have achieved academic excellence.
Honored to Serve
You in Washington It
is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and
writing in to share their thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate
the words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who
wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email
by
clicking
here .
You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
