
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
December 20, 2013
Dear Friends,
This week, the Senate finished its work for the calendar year. The
Senate voted to confirm several nominations, including IRS
commissioner, assistant secretary of State, secretary and deputy
secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, as well as several
judicial nominations for vacant seats around the country.
The Senate also passed the Murray-Ryan budget deal, as well as the
National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2014.
Murray-Ryan Budget Deal
Last week, Senate Budget Committee chairman Patty Murray (D-Wash.) and
House Budget Committee chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) proposed a two-year
budget agreement in advance of the budget conference's December 13
deadline to produce a budget. The House swiftly passed the Murray-Ryan
budget by a vote of 332 to 94 last week, and the Senate passed the
budget by a vote of 64 to 36 on Wednesday.
The Murray-Ryan deal, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013, would reduce
the deficit by $23 billion over the next decade and by $100 billion
over the next two decades without raising taxes.
I voted for the Murray-Ryan budget deal because it finally gives
America a budget to operate under and averts government shutdowns
through 2015. As a longtime advocate of biennial budgeting, I believe
this bipartisan agreement is a good first step toward managing
government spending and the fiscal policy of our country. While reforms
included in the agreement are modest, most move America in the right
direction. On Tuesday, I appeared on CNCB to discuss the budget. You
can watch that interview
here
.
The Budget's Effects on the Military
One of the most essential components of Senator Murray's and
Congressman Ryan's deal is the avoidance of another devastating round
of sequestration aimed squarely at our national defense capabilities.
This agreement will help us avoid cuts that would have caused
long-lasting damage to the readiness of our military and will help us
provide the best support and tools possible to our men and women in
uniform.
While reducing the harmful impact of sequestration on our military was
key to gaining my support for this deal, I was very concerned to learn
that disabled retirees and survivors were mistakenly included in the
provisions slowing the growth of retirement benefits over the coming
years.
I believe that this mistake must be corrected and my continued
support for this budget agreement was predicated on the chairman's
commitment to correct this mistake.
Additionally, this week, I joined Sen. Saxby Chambliss, R-Ga., in
co-sponsoring his "sense of the Senate" resolution to address the
disproportionate military pay provision in the Murray-Ryan budget that
would reduce the cost-of-living (COLA) adjustment for military retirees
under the age of 62.
The resolution states that retirees from the armed forces should not
unfairly bear the burden of excessive government spending, and the
Senate should seek alternatives to the current military retirement
provisions in the budget legislation currently being considered. With
this non-binding resolution, the Senate agrees to address the reduction
of military retirement pension for retirees under age 62 before it goes
into effect in December 2015.
I am pleased to join Sen. Chambliss in this resolution because it is
critically important that we not disproportionately burden those who
have served in our armed forces. Our men and women in uniform have
sacrificed greatly, and we wouldn't be debating these important issues
today on the Senate floor if it weren't for our military. While we must
address the difficult decisions on how to get our arms around our
nation's debt and deficits, we must all share the burden and we must
not single our veterans or any segment of society in the process. I
look forward to working with my Senate colleagues on this issue.
On Thursday, I appeared on MSNBC to discuss my efforts to protect
military retirement pay. You can watch the interview
here
.
Army Cyber Command Moving to Fort Gordon
On Thursday, I applauded the Army's announcement that Fort Gordon,
Georgia, will become the headquarters for U.S. Army Cyber Command / 2nd
Army (Cyber).
This decision culminates a four year effort to select the best location
to host the Army's operational cyber capabilities. During that time,
Sen. Chambliss and I have worked closely with senior leaders of the
Army, including the Secretary of the Army, and the Chief of Staff of
the Army, to advocate for Fort Gordon and Augusta.
In addition to locating the headquarters of U.S. Army Cyber Command at
Fort Gordon, the Army will establish a standing cyber joint task force
headquarters. This command and control structure will dramatically
improve the operational effectiveness of Army cyber capabilities. This
basing decision brings approximately 700 new personnel to Fort Gordon,
along with a three star commander.
I am confident the Army made the right decision by selecting Fort
Gordon as the new home for U.S. Army Cyber Command. Since the Army
started considering a new location four years ago, I have engaged the
Army and the Department of Defense to make it clear that Fort Gordon
was the most capable and cost-effective option to handle the crucial
mission of U.S. Army Cyber Command.
The Army made the correct choice
for our national security and for taxpayers. I know the city of Augusta
and the people of the Central Savannah River Area will undoubtedly
provide the community support necessary to keep this important mission
at Fort Gordon for years to come.
Stopping the Administration from Targeting Family Farms
Today I joined 42 of my Senate colleagues, from both sides of the
aisle, in a letter to the administration demanding the Occupational
Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) immediately stop its unlawful
regulation of family farms. In our letter, we also directed OSHA to
issue updated guidance correcting their misinterpretation of current
law.
Since 1976, Congress has exempted small, family-run farms from OSHA
regulations, but in a 2011 memo OSHA asserted that on-farm grain
storage and handling was not part of farm operations. The memo
essentially expanded OSHA's regulatory scope, in defiance of the law,
to nearly every farm in the country without going through the
established rule-making process that allows Congressional review and
public comment.
In our letter, we wrote, "OSHA's interpretation defies the intent of
Congress in exempting farming operations from the standards of the
Occupational Safety and Health Act.Worker safety is an important
concern for all of us-including the many farmers who probably know
better than OSHA regulators how to keep themselves and their employees
safe on farms.
If the Administration believes that OSHA should be able
to enforce its regulations on farms, it should make that case to
Congress rather than twisting the law in the service of bureaucratic
mission creep."
You can read the full text of the letter
here
.
As the ranking Republican on the Senate Health, Education, Labor and
Pensions Subcommittee on Employment and Workplace Safety, which
oversees OSHA and labor issues, I will continue to fight to ensure that
Georgia's family farms are protected from unlawful regulations.
What's on Tap?
The Senate is not in session for the next two weeks in observance of
Christmas and New Year's. During these past several months we have
addressed a variety of critically important issues, but it is equally
important to recognize our many blessings as a nation. In the spirit of
this wonderful time of year, Dianne and I wish you a holiday filled
with joy, happiness, and cheer. Merry Christmas!
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
December 20, 2013
Dear Friends,
This week, the Senate finished its work for the calendar year. The Senate voted to confirm
several nominations, including IRS commissioner, assistant secretary of State, secretary and deputy secretary
of the Department of Homeland Security, as well as several judicial nominations for vacant seats around
the country.
The Senate also passed the Murray-Ryan budget deal, as well as the
National Defense Authorization
Act
for fiscal year 2014.
Murray-Ryan Budget Deal Last week, Senate Budget Committee chairman Patty
Murray (D-Wash.) and House Budget Committee chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) proposed a two-year budget agreement
in advance of the budget conference&#8217;s December 13 deadline to produce a budget. The House swiftly
passed the Murray-Ryan budget by a vote of 332 to 94 last week, and the Senate passed the budget by a
vote of 64 to 36 on Wednesday.
The Murray-Ryan deal, the
Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 , would reduce the deficit by
$23 billion over the next decade and by $100 billion over the next two decades without raising taxes.
I voted for the Murray-Ryan budget deal because it finally gives America a budget to operate under
and averts government shutdowns through 2015. As a longtime advocate of biennial budgeting, I believe
this bipartisan agreement is a good first step toward managing government spending and the fiscal policy
of our country. While reforms included in the agreement are modest, most move America in the right direction.
On Tuesday, I appeared on CNCB to discuss the budget.
You
can watch that interview
here .
The Budget&#8217;s Effects on the Military
One of the most essential components of Senator Murray&#8217;s and Congressman Ryan&#8217;s deal
is the avoidance of another devastating round of sequestration aimed squarely at our national defense
capabilities.
This agreement will help us avoid cuts that would have caused long-lasting damage
to the readiness of our military and will help us provide the best support and tools possible to our
men and women in uniform.
While reducing the harmful impact of sequestration on our military was key to gaining my support
for this deal, I was very concerned to learn that disabled retirees and survivors were mistakenly included
in the provisions slowing the growth of retirement benefits over the coming years.
I believe that
this mistake must be corrected and my continued support for this budget agreement was predicated on the
chairman&#8217;s commitment to correct this mistake.
Additionally, this week, I joined Sen. Saxby Chambliss, R-Ga., in co-sponsoring his &#8220;sense
of the Senate&#8221; resolution to address the disproportionate military pay provision in the Murray-Ryan
budget that would reduce the cost-of-living (COLA) adjustment for military retirees under the age of
62.
The resolution states that retirees from the armed forces should not unfairly bear the burden
of excessive government spending, and the Senate should seek alternatives to the current military retirement
provisions in the budget legislation currently being considered. With this non-binding resolution, the
Senate agrees to address the reduction of military retirement pension for retirees under age 62 before
it goes into effect in December 2015.
I am pleased to join Sen. Chambliss in this resolution because it is critically important that
we not disproportionately burden those who have served in our armed forces. Our men and women in uniform
have sacrificed greatly, and we wouldn&#8217;t be debating these important issues today on the Senate
floor if it weren&#8217;t for our military. While we must address the difficult decisions on how to get
our arms around our nation&#8217;s debt and deficits, we must all share the burden and we must not single
our veterans or any segment of society in the process. I look forward to working with my Senate colleagues
on this issue.
On Thursday, I appeared on MSNBC to discuss my efforts to protect military retirement pay.
You
can watch the interview
here .
Army Cyber Command Moving to Fort Gordon
On Thursday, I applauded the Army&#8217;s announcement that Fort Gordon, Georgia, will become
the headquarters for U.S. Army Cyber Command / 2nd Army (Cyber).
This decision culminates a four year effort to select the best location to host the Army&#8217;s
operational cyber capabilities. During that time, Sen. Chambliss and I have worked closely with senior
leaders of the Army, including the Secretary of the Army, and the Chief of Staff of the Army, to advocate
for Fort Gordon and Augusta.
In addition to locating the headquarters of U.S. Army Cyber Command at Fort Gordon, the Army will
establish a standing cyber joint task force headquarters. This command and control structure will dramatically
improve the operational effectiveness of Army cyber capabilities. This basing decision brings approximately
700 new personnel to Fort Gordon, along with a three star commander.
I am confident the Army made the right decision by selecting Fort Gordon as the new home for U.S.
Army Cyber Command. Since the Army started considering a new location four years ago, I have engaged
the Army and the Department of Defense to make it clear that Fort Gordon was the most capable and cost-effective
option to handle the crucial mission of U.S. Army Cyber Command.
The Army made the correct choice
for our national security and for taxpayers. I know the city of Augusta and the people of the Central
Savannah River Area will undoubtedly provide the community support necessary to keep this important mission
at Fort Gordon for years to come.
Stopping the Administration from Targeting Family Farms
Today I joined 42 of my Senate colleagues, from both sides of the aisle, in a letter to the administration
demanding the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) immediately stop its unlawful regulation
of family farms. In our letter, we also directed OSHA to issue updated guidance correcting their misinterpretation
of current law.
Since 1976, Congress has exempted small, family-run farms from OSHA regulations, but in a 2011
memo OSHA asserted that on-farm grain storage and handling was not part of farm operations. The memo
essentially expanded OSHA&#8217;s regulatory scope, in defiance of the law, to nearly every farm in the
country without going through the established rule-making process that allows Congressional review and
public comment.
In our letter, we wrote, &#8220;OSHA&#8217;s interpretation defies the intent of Congress in exempting
farming operations from the standards of the Occupational Safety and Health Act&#8230;Worker safety is
an important concern for all of us&#8212;including the many farmers who probably know better than OSHA
regulators how to keep themselves and their employees safe on farms.
If the Administration believes
that OSHA should be able to enforce its regulations on farms, it should make that case to Congress rather
than twisting the law in the service of bureaucratic mission creep.&#8221;
You
can read the full text of the letter
here .
As the ranking Republican on the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Subcommittee on
Employment and Workplace Safety, which oversees OSHA and labor issues, I will continue to fight to ensure
that Georgia&#8217;s family farms are protected from unlawful regulations.
What&#8217;s on Tap?
The Senate is not in session for the next two weeks in observance of Christmas and New Year&#8217;s.
During these past several months we have addressed a variety of critically important issues, but it is
equally important to recognize our many blessings as a nation. In the spirit of this wonderful time of
year, Dianne and I wish you a holiday filled with joy, happiness, and cheer. Merry Christmas!
Sincerely, Johnny Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
