
Dear Friend,
A few weeks ago, I heard about an alarming practice taking place on
farms across our country. According to numerous reports, the U.S.
Department of Labor has recently attempted to regulate grain bins on
our small farms. This news is particularly disturbing because Congress
has passed legislation for decades now clearly prohibiting the very
actions DOL is taking.
Unfortunately, this type of regulatory overreach is all too common.
Whether it's regulating dust on our farms or requiring farmers to
purchase unnecessary and expensive equipment, it seems as though
regulations are failing to take into account the most important factor-
input from those who know the issues best. But we all know that when it
comes to maintaining the safety of our farms, communities, or
businesses, no one knows what to do better than Arkansans.
We can't allow our state to get bogged down by these burdensome
regulations. We must fix our broken federal regulatory process. That
starts by passing my bipartisan legislation, the Regulatory
Accountability Act. By increasing transparency and building a
decision-making process based on results and costs, I'm confident we
can give our farmers and businesses the certainty and flexibility they
need to invest and expand.
I hope you'll join me in supporting this common-sense bill. It's time
to cut the tape red and get back to our #1 priority-growing our economy
and creating jobs.
Thank you,
Mark Pryor
Official Site
| Privacy Policy
| Unsubscribe
Dear Friend,
A few weeks ago, I heard about
an alarming practice taking place on farms across our country. According to numerous reports, the U.S.
Department of Labor has recently attempted to regulate grain bins on our small farms. This news is particularly
disturbing because Congress has passed legislation for decades now clearly prohibiting the very actions
DOL is taking.
Unfortunately, this type of regulatory
overreach is all too common. Whether it&#8217;s regulating dust on our farms or requiring farmers to
purchase unnecessary and expensive equipment, it seems as though regulations are failing to take into
account the most important factor&#8212;input from those who know the issues best. But we all know that
when it comes to maintaining the safety of our farms, communities, or businesses, no one knows what to
do better than Arkansans.
We can&#8217;t allow our state
to get bogged down by these burdensome regulations. We must fix our broken federal regulatory process.
That starts by passing my bipartisan legislation, the
Regulatory Accountability Act . By increasing
transparency and building a decision-making process based on results and costs, I&#8217;m confident we
can give our farmers and businesses the certainty and flexibility they need to invest and expand.
I hope you&#8217;ll join me in
supporting this common-sense bill. It&#8217;s time to cut the tape red and get back to our #1 priority&#8212;growing
our economy and creating jobs.
Thank you,
Mark Pryor
Official
Site
|
Privacy
Policy
|
Unsubscribe