
November 26, 2013
Dear Friends,
This past weekend I hosted a &ldquo;Healthcare 411&rdquo; event at the San Mateo Main Library to provide information on the Affordable Care Act with representatives from Covered California, the state&rsquo;s new health care exchange. The event included free health care screenings for skin cancer, blood pressure, mental illness and cholesterol.
I was pleased to hear from a small business owner at the event who said one of his employees was previously paying $760 a month for health care and now will be paying $150 a month after enrolling in Covered California. Another attendee, a 58-year-old San Francisco woman, was paying $791 a month with a $4,000 annual deductible who will now pay just $371 a month with no deductible and be able to keep her doctor.
Not everyone, of course, had positive things to say about the ACA. Premiums have risen unexpectedly for many and I don&rsquo;t want anyone to face significant financial hardship as a result of their health insurance. It is a complex issue and I am working hard on your behalf to find the right solutions. My district office will host more of these events in the near future to provide advice on how to enroll in the new marketplace. For more information call (650) 342-0300.
Thanksgiving is almost here -- a time for our family and close friends to join together with each other to appreciate all that we have in life and for the opportunities that lie ahead. It is also a time to think of others and I know many of you will volunteer your time to help feed the hungry, contribute to food banks and lend a helping hand to those in need as the holiday season starts.
If you are looking for volunteer opportunities, I invite you to join my Speier Corps. On our next two work days we will be with the San Mateo County Human Services Agency&rsquo;s Children&rsquo;s Fund Holiday Toy and Clothing Drive. On Tuesday, December 17 and Thursday, December 19, 2013 we will assemble and package holiday gifts for children and teens who would otherwise receive no presents at all. You can
sign up here .
The Children&rsquo;s Fund was started in 1973 by social workers to support foster and low-income children in our community. It makes a huge difference for San Mateo County families. Last year it provided gifts for 3,822 children. Watch this video from last year:
There are other places and people that need help. On Nov. 8, Super Typhoon Haiyan/Yolanda struck the Philippines, killing thousands and leaving nearly 4 million homeless and millions more in need of food and water. I have urged my colleagues in Congress to provide all the aid the United States can to help the affected areas recover and rebuild through a House Resolution co-authored by Congressman Mike Honda, D-San Jose. My congressional district has the
largest population of Filipinos in the continental United States, many who have started local efforts to provide food, clothing and other basic necessities to ship back home to the Philippines. I am so proud of this local outpouring of love and support and if you are able, I also encourage you to partner with the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) to provide assistance to the victims of the typhoon by
clicking here .
We must remember to give thanks to the men and women serving in the military who commit their lives to keeping us safe here at home. A care package from home to our troops overseas goes a long way in raising morale and some of our cities including San Mateo and Burlingame coordinate such as an effort.
It is the season for gift-buying as the holidays approach and I hope you keep in mind how important it is to buy American-made products. I know it is not always easy, but doing so helps create much needed jobs. Many shops and boutiques throughout the area make their products right here on the Peninsula, so go explore, have fun and support the local economy at the same time. To learn about Small Business Saturday this November 30,
click here .
From my family to yours, have a Happy Thanksgiving,
Unsubscribe
Washington D.C. Office
211 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3531
Fax: (202) 226-4183
San Mateo Office
155 Bovet Road, Suite 780
San Mateo, CA 94402
Phone: (650) 342-0300
Fax: (650) 375-8270
Click Here
to be removed from this list
