
WASHINGTON - U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) today made the following statement in support of the Prohibiting In-Flight Voice Communications on Mobile Wireless Devices Act of 2013 (H.R.3676).
Miller joined as a cosponsor of this bill prohibiting in-flight cell phone calls while on commercial aviation flights.
This bill's introduction closely follows the Federal Communications Commission's announced plans to review the current ban on the use of cell phones for calls in the aircraft cabin during flights.
Miller said:
"Air travel can be a nerve wracking experience as you try to get on a crowded airplane, rush to get into our seat and to our destination safely.
The facts of the matter are that airplane cabins are generally crowded and many find it difficult to relax, and the last thing any air traveler wants is to be forced to listen to somebody else's phone conversation when all they want is a few moments of peace.
There is nothing wrong using a phone, tablet or laptop to perhaps get some work done during a flight in accordance to the new Federal Aviation Administration rule, but it is quite another for individuals to be able to bother others while carrying on loud conversations during the flight time.
This bill would keep common sense and courtesy for others at the forefront for every passenger during air travel by keeping the ban on cell phone calls during commercial flights."
Note: The legislation simply prohibits use of mobile devices for voice communications during the in-flight portion of any scheduled domestic commercial flight, exempting any on-duty members of the flight crew and flight attendants, or federal law enforcement personnel acting in an official capacity.
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Miller Joins Effort to Ban In-Flight Cell Phone Calls
Dec 13, 2013
Top 10 Phone Conversations You Really Don&#8217;t Want To Hear On A Plane
WASHINGTON &#8211; U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) today made the following statement in support of the Prohibiting
In-Flight Voice Communications on Mobile Wireless Devices Act of 2013 (H.R.3676).
Miller joined as a cosponsor of this bill prohibiting in-flight cell phone calls while on commercial aviation flights.
This bill&#8217;s introduction closely follows the Federal
Communications Commission&#8217;s announced plans to review the current ban on the use of cell phones for calls in the aircraft cabin during flights.
Miller said:
&#8220;Air travel can be a nerve wracking experience as you try to get on a crowded airplane, rush to get into our seat and to
our destination safely.
The facts of the matter are that airplane cabins are generally crowded and many find it difficult to relax, and the last thing any air traveler wants is to be forced to listen to somebody else&#8217;s phone conversation when all they want
is a few moments of peace.
There is nothing wrong using a phone, tablet or laptop to perhaps get some work done during a flight in accordance to the new Federal Aviation Administration rule, but it is quite another for individuals to be able to bother others
while carrying on loud conversations during the flight time.
This bill would keep common sense and courtesy for others at the forefront for every passenger during air travel by keeping the ban on cell phone calls during commercial flights.&#8221;
Note: The legislation simply prohibits use of mobile devices for voice communications during the in-flight portion of any
scheduled domestic commercial flight, exempting any on-duty members of the flight crew and flight attendants, or federal law enforcement personnel acting in an official capacity.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
