
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view in your browser.
New Year Brings New Opportunities to Work Together on Jobs, Economic Growth
Wednesday marked the 50th anniversary of President Lyndon B. Johnsons State of the Union address which launched the War on Poverty. Today, roughly 50 million Americans live below the poverty line.
Forty-seven million
Americans receive Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits (food stamps), 13 million more than January 2009.
Unemployment is still around 7 percent, and jobs that were lost several years ago arent returning quickly, but this isnt new. Unemployment rates each month of 2013 hovered at or around that same mark. Furthermore, government programs
in particular, ObamaCare
are causing employers to reduce hours to comply with various mandates and regulations.
This week, the Democrat-led Senate and the President are focused on temporarily renewing extended unemployment benefits, which expands basic unemployment benefits from 26 weeks to a maximum of 73 weeks. Unfortunately, they are not acting on the most important anti-poverty initiative of all: job creation. We cannot continue to throw money we dont have at problems and expect success. At the end of the day, whether or not these benefits are extended, well still have millions of Americans that cant find work. To these families, it doesnt matter who has an R or D behind their name, it matters whether or not they can find a good-paying job that empowers them to provide for their families. The President and the Senate must act on the dozens of House-passed bills that create an environment which encourages job creation by eliminating unnecessary red tape and regulations, lowering taxes and encouraging domestic energy production, to name a few.
I believe the president repeatedly implies that Republicans, because they are committed to fiscal responsibility, dont care about those in need across this country. Nothing could be further from the truth, but I didn't come to Washington to continue the status quo and support temporary, expensive band-aids that do nothing to address the real problems we have as a nation. Congress spends far too much time working from crisis to crisis, and its time we look for real solutions. Few things in life are as rewarding as a hard days work and the pride and satisfaction that stems from providing for your family.
My mother was a bank teller and my father worked in a factory manufacturing shoe heels. I watched as they worked hard to provide for our family, and I remember when my father found out that his job had been sent to Mexico. That story is one that too many Americans know well, but its one we can work together to change. Job creation remains my top priority in Congress, and I am willing to work with anyonefrom either side of the aisleto advance legislation to lower unemployment and foster economic growth. House Republicans have put forth proposals to do just that, and you can find more information about those initiatives at
http://www.gop.gov/jobs/ .
Were losing the War on Poverty, but throwing money at the problem wont fix it. We must put party politics aside, stop blaming our colleagues across the aisle and work together on job creation. Im ready to do that, Speaker Boehner and the majority of members in the House of Representatives have proven we are ready to do that, and I hope President Obama and Senate Democrats will join us.
Feel free to contact my office if we can be of assistance to you or your family. Our contact information can be found on our website,
www.roe.house.gov .
CONNECT WITH US
E-News Sign-up
Forward to a Friend
Contact Phil
TAKE A SURVEY
Do you think basic unemployment benefits should be extended from 26 to a maximum of 73 weeks ?
Yes, I believe basic unemployment benefits should be extended.
No, I do not believe basic unemployment benefits should be extended.
I am unsure at this time.
Choose Your Answer
Washington, DC Office
407 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6356
Fax: (202) 225-5714
Kingsport Office
PO Box 1728
Kingsport, TN 37662
Phone: (423) 247-8161
Fax: (423) 247-0119
Morristown Office
1609 College Park Drive, Suite 4
Morristown, TN 37813
Phone: (423) 254-1400
Fax: (423) 254-1403
Click Here Click Here