 Mail begin
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
November 25, 2013
Drawing Attention to Patient-Centered
Solutions
This past week
brought more discouraging news about the pain Obamacare is causing
millions of Americans all across the country. But that is only encouraging
those of us who believe in patient-centered health care solutions to
fight even harder to bring those types of positive reforms to the
forefront. And folks are beginning to notice.
In an editorial this week in the Las Vegas Review-Journal,
the paper cites our bill H.R. 2300, the Empowering Patients First Act
as an example of health care solutions that Republicans are offering
despite false claims by Obamacares supporters:
Obamacare supporters,
desperate to deflect increasing attacks, are doubling down on an old
meme: Well, where is the Republican replacement
plan?
But Republicans
have proffered viable reforms for a health care industry that badly needs
them. Rep. Tom Price, R-Ga., has led that cause, putting forth a
comprehensive alternative health care plan three times since 2009,
including this past June.
Rep. Prices plan is lacking in paper weight
its
250 pages, compared with the more than 2,000 pages of the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act and its accompanying thousands more pages
of regulations
but its heavy on ideas that would make health
insurance and medical care more affordable.
You can read the editorial in its entirety by
clicking here .
It is
imperative to put real, positive health care reforms on the table even
while we draw attention to the challenges that Obamacare has created.
Real people are being harmed by the presidents health care law. So to
that end, I sat down with Fox News Greta Van Susteren on Monday to
discuss not only the problems in the health care market and the rollout
of Obamacare, but the better solutions we are offering. Heres an
excerpt of that discussion:
PRICE: There are so many better solutions out
there, Greta. You and I have talked about them before. H.R. 2300 is a
bill that weve put forward now in three straight Congresses. It gets
everybody covered in this country with insurance that they want, not that
the government forces them to buy.
VAN SUSTEREN: What if you are just not
responsible enough or you can't afford
insurance.
PRICE: What we would do
is provide a financial incentive so it makes more financial sense to
be covered than not be covered.
VAN SUSTEREN: Some people don't have jobs.
They are Medicaid eligible, but what about those
folks?
PRICE: Folks that
arent Medicaid eligible, but above the Medicaid level, we provide a
refundable, advanceable credit, which is basically a chit to be able
to purchase health coverage. Again, health coverage that they want, not
that the government forces them to buy. And then we can solve the
insurance challenges of portability and pre-existing. You ought not lose
your insurance if you change your job or you lose your job. You ought
not be priced out of the market if you have a bad diagnosis, but you
don't need to put Washington in charge to solve these
things.
You can view the full interview by
clicking here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington
DC Office
100 Cannon
House Office Building
Washington DC
20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill
Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA
30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax: 770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
