
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller: Administration Reverses Harmful Burden Placed on Volunteer Firefighters by ObamaCare
Jan 15, 2014
WASHINGTON &#8211; U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) today made the following comments regarding the Department of Treasury
and the Internal Revenue Service&#8217;s (IRS) announcement that a new regulation will be issued exempting emergency services volunteers from being counted as full-time employees under the employer mandate in the Affordable Care Act.
Initially under ObamaCare the
IRS viewed volunteer firefighters or emergency medical services (EMTs) as employees, directing fire companies and municipalities to provide health insurance or pay a fine.
These additional costs threatened to add massive new costs to local government and
the possible disbanding of volunteer fire departments that would put countless communities across the nation at risk.
Last year in response to this unfair and dangerous regulation, Miller joined as an original cosponsor of the Protecting
Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act (H.R.3685), a legislative measure which would ensure that emergency services volunteers are not counted as full-time employees under the employer mandate in the Affordable Care Act.
&#8220;Over the past year I have heard from leaders in many communities that are protected by volunteer fire companies that this
provision of ObamaCare puts their communities at risk.
In response to these calls of concern I was proud to join as a cosponsor of legislation to reverse this ridiculous regulation.
It now seems that the Obama Administration has heard these concerns and
recently announced that the anticipated new regulation will determine that volunteer fire companies, and communities who utilize them, will not be subjected to massive new costs which could cause the closure of volunteer fire companies across the nation.
This is yet another consequence of ObamaCare coming to light, providing further proof that this new law is simply unworkable,&#8221; Miller said.
&#8220;I will continue to monitor this situation and communicate with local leaders to make certain that these regulations
do not put our communities at risk.
If the Administration fails to protect volunteer fire companies, I stand ready to work with my colleagues to push our bill forward to protect emergency services for communities across this nation.&#8221;
Note: The legislation is supported by the National Volunteer Fire Council and the International Association of Fire Chiefs.
Under the original Employer Mandate Provision, employers with 50 or more employees must provide health insurance or pay penalties.
Fire companies could exceed the 50 employee threshold in several different ways: by themselves based on their size, by being
part of a larger combined force under several different chiefs, or by being part of a municipality that has 50 or more public employees in total.
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
