
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
January 24, 2014
Dear
Friend,
Its been a great week at home in the Central
Valley, where Ive had the chance to meet with many of you. I began the
week by attending the Tracy African American Associations annual MLK
breakfast event, where I had the honor of presenting two of the TAAAs
Martin Luther King, Jr. Image awards to worthy community
recipients. I hope you had a chance to reflect on Martin Luther King, Jr.s
lifetime of accomplishments. Among many other wise things, he once said,
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that
matter. This guiding principle is a true today as it was when he said it
on August 28, 1963 during the March on Washington.
On
Tuesday, I spoke to a group of Central Valley High School seniors about
life in government and toured CVHS agricultural center, where Ceres
students are learning key skills to lead to them successful careers in
one of the Valley's most important industries.
Speaking to students at
CVHS.
Touring the CVHS ag
center.
I had the distinct honor
of presenting Glen Grose, an 83-year-old Salida constituent and Korean
War veteran, with six service medals. Glen served in the U.S. Army,
but never received his medals. On Tuesday, at a ceremony attended by his
family and my Veterans Advisory Committee, I presented Glen with his
Purple Heart, Combat Infantry Badge, Presidential Unit Citation,
National Defense Service Medal, Korean Service Medal with two Bronze Stars
and United Nations Service Medal.
It was an honor to
meet Glen and his
family.
In September of 1951, Glen was in Company L 35th Division on Hill
682 in Korea, approximately seven miles into enemy territory, where
U.S. Army soldiers would go on patrol to screen the countryside. On the
evening of September 6, 1951, the communists bombarded Glen and his
comrades with artillery and mortar fire. It was estimated that over
1,000 rounds fell in 35 minutes. During this time he and three others
manned a machine gun. While Glen was operating the machine gun with the
other soldiers, he received a wound to his right cheek. After moving to
a second machine gun, he received an additional wound to his right
shoulder and cheek.
At the time of Glens injury he was
transported to a foreign medical recovery ship and did not receive his
awards from the United States Army. His family sought out my offices
help in securing his medals in October.
If you or a veteran
you know needs help on any issue
with your benefits, with securing
your medals, or with any other task I may be able to help you with
please
contact me through my website , or call my
Modesto office at 209-579-5458. My staff and I stand ready and willing
to assist you.
I met with Fire Chief Bradley at my district office in
Modesto.
I met the new
Stanislaus County Regional Fire Chief, Randall Bradley, on Tuesday
afternoon. Our firefighters and all first responders do exceptional work
keeping our community safe, and it was a pleasure to meet with
Randall.
I was joined by Fire Chief Dennis Bitters,
Ripon Mayor Chuck Wynn, San Joaquin County Board of Supervisors Chairman
Bob Elliott and fire district board members Don Wever and Bryce Perkins
at Thursday's groundbreaking in
Ripon.
On Thursday we
broke ground on
Ripons newest fire station , which will be located at the northwest
corner of River and North Ripon roads. The groundbreaking was also
attended by Fire Chief Dennis Bitters, Ripon Mayor Chuck Wynn, San Joaquin
County Board of Supervisors Chairman Bob Elliott and fire district
board members Don Wever and Bryce Perkins.
I met with Steve
Knell, general manager of the Oakdale Irrigation District, to discuss
water access in the Valley. As Im sure you know, Governor Brown
issued a long-overdue drought declaration on Friday, January 17, 2014,
which means that our efforts to find long-term storage and conveyance
plans for the valley are more important than ever. Environmental
restrictions and dry weather have exacerbated drought conditions for months
now. Thousands of jobs throughout the Valley rely entirely on agriculture
and have been negatively impacted by years of unnecessarily scarce
water supplies.
I continue to urge President Obama and
Governor Brown to improve Californias water storage and conveyance by
providing additional storage and adding flexibility to burdensome
regulations that shut off water to Valley communities. I have introduced
legislation this Congress to do just that . When the
situation improves and the watershed increases in the spring, we must
put the water to productive use for farmers and families rather than
allowing this scarce resource to wash away into the Pacific
Ocean.
Lastly, I wanted to share some key pieces of information about
the budget deal we passed earlier this month and the funds it
allocates for veterans. Washington gridlock should never affect our veterans
or prevent them from getting the healthcare and support they earned
through their service. The recent budget deal, which I supported, will
see increased funding for important veterans programs, stronger
accountability measures and a push for more a more modern, efficient
healthcare system.
On ending the backlog: The budget I supported
allocates $140 million to the Veterans Benefits Administration to
improve their information technology, advancing the goal of a paperless
claims process for rapid service. It also includes more funding for
staff at the Board of Veterans Appeals and requires mandatory overtime
for VBA employees. No veteran should have their claim languish because
of inadequate staffing.
On eliminating homelessness in
veterans: The budget includes $6.2 billion in funding for programs to
tackle the struggles faced by homeless veterans. This money will fund
job training, housing and other necessary treatment services. I am proud
that some of our local non-profits are already taking the lead in
tackling veteran homelessness in the Central Valley.
On
moving to electronic health records: Every veteran (and taxpayer) should
be outraged by the delays and cost overruns that have prevented the DoD
and VA from operating a joint electronic health record system to the
detriment of our servicemen and veterans. This budget puts strict
accountability measures in place that require the VA and DoD to
demonstrate progress towards a joint record system. It also requires them to
submit detailed plans to the public.
On Tuesday, President
Obama will deliver his 2014 State of the Union Address. Ill be sharing
my thoughts online through my
Twitter ,
Facebook
and
YouTube
pages.
Please connect with me on each to be first to get the latest news,
and encourage your friends to
subscribe to my
newsletter .
I hope you have an excellent
weekend!
JEFF DENHAM
Following President Obamas 2014
State of the Union speech, what do you want to see Congress working on
next? Balancing
the budget Immigration reform Tax reform Strengthening our defense and national security Combating poverty Repealing and replacing the Affordable
Care Act Curbing wasteful spending
*By answering this survey, you are subscribing
to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
