
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
January 05, 2014
Friends,
I hope you have had an exciting beginning to 2014.
I was
fortunate to spend New Years Eve here at home with my wonderful wife
and our bulldog, Hank. Although Hank didnt make it through the night
to see the ball drop, and I doubt hell stick to his New Years
resolution to stop chewing on my shoes, Renee and I enjoyed spending time
together and discussing our goals for the New Year.
I
will return to Washington this week for the second session of the
113 th
Congress and will continue to focus on advancing initiatives
that increase economic prosperity, reduce our debt, and bring jobs
home.
In addition to these goals, I am committed to: passing
appropriations legislation that reins in wasteful government spending;
repealing/replacing Obamacare; finalizing a 5-year Farm Bill;
protecting our textile interests in the ongoing TPP negotiations; and seeing my
TSA reform bill passed into
law.
My first year in Congress ended with a
bipartisan agreement on the budget. It wasnt perfect, and I wanted deeper
cuts, but it reduces spending, tackles the deficit and provides stability.
The budget agreement determines our nations fiscal priorities and
sets spending levels in the 2014 fiscal year.
But this is merely
the first step in getting our fiscal house in order. Now, we must
make smart decisions about how to spend federal dollars by passing
individual spending bills for each federal agency, going line-by-line to
make sure we root out the waste and steer decision-making power back to
North Carolina and away from Washington.
Now is the time to
make concrete, real savings. While details on the spending bills are
forthcoming, my priorities remain the same: limiting federal spending,
reducing the national debt, preventing additional funding for Obamacare,
and enforcing North Carolinas
priorities.
As I have said before, Obamacare is a
disastrous law that is harmful to all Americans.
We can do
better, and this year I will continue to fight for quality, affordable
health care for you and your families.
I promise to continue to
do everything I can to defund, repeal, and replace Obamacare, which
is why I am proud to co-sponsor the
Empowering Patients First
Act
(H.R. 2300), a bill that will permanently repeal Obamacare and
replace it with patient-centered health care. Instead of forcing families
and individuals under a 1950s style, one-size fits all system, this
bill will empower you to have better control over your health care and
restores the doctor-patient
relationship.
Last year, I made it a priority of mine
to get a 5-year farm bill across the finish line. Unfortunately, the
farm bill is still in the negotiation process between the House and the
Senate, and because of the lengthy negotiations, Congress passed a
30-day extension of the previous farm bill before the end of the first
session.
Its time to come to an agreement. We owe it to our
farmers to equip them with the tools they need to produce an affordable
and stable food supply, not temporary extensions of outdated policy.
I am eager to find a permanent deal soon so that we can get
certainty back to our farmers across North
Carolina.
Since my first days in office,
I have worked to hold TSA accountable while ensuring the safety of the
American people and responsible stewardship of our tax dollars. Just
a few weeks ago, companion legislation to the
Transportation
Security Acquisition Reform Act
(H.R. 2719), a bill I authored to
reform TSA, was introduced in the Senate by Senator Kelly Ayotte of New
Hampshire. This session, I look forward to working with Senator Ayotte
and her colleagues to bring it to the Senate floor, and
I am
optimistic it will be made law in
2014.
Im eager to begin my
second session in Congress, and I pledge that I will work to find
commonsense, permanent solutions to our nations most pressing problems.
There is a lot of work to be done, and I remain committed to
serving your interests as I am faced with the tough
decisions.
Until next
week,
Richard
Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Constituent Success
Story
Recently, a constituent came into my Concord
office looking for help dealing with the IRS. Initially, the
constituent was issued the wrong refund check for 2012 taxes. After sending the
inaccurate check back to the IRS, the constituent waited to receive
his proper refund check. The IRS misplaced the check and would not
release the refund. My staff worked directly with the IRS to fix the
situation and expedite the process. The constituent was issued a check last
week in the amount of
$1,912.59.
If you need help navigating a federal
agency, please dont hesitate to call our Concord office at
704-786-1612.
_______________________
Check out a few photos from
my time at
home!
Hank and I had a blast on his first hunting trip. He wasn't too happy
when I told him he couldn't go to the blind with
me.
_______________________
I was honored to attend the
Cabarrus County Emergency Services memorial service to remember our fallen
first responders on Saturday, January 4th.
Concord
Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite 500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone:
(704) 7861612
Rockingham
Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C.
Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 