DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
RESPECTING THE CONSTITUTION
This week, the Supreme Court heard arguments about the Presidents egregious appointments to the National Labor Relations Board. As a reminder, in 2012 the President recess appointed four commissioners to the NLRB because he couldnt get them approved through the normal procedure. To make recess appointments the Senate must be in recess and, heres the catch, the Democrat-led Senate hadnt recessed! The Senate determines when it is in recess, and it never said it was.
Thankfully, the Supreme Court justices were very skeptical of the White Houses arguments for why it thought the President could so brazenly defy the clear words of the Congress and the Constitution. But the questionable actions of the President extend beyond these appointments - this is just the tip of the iceberg for him.
Since last summer, the President has delayed or waived a provision of his disastrous Obamacare law every month, and since October it has felt like every week another requirement was allowed to slip. After exempting big businesses, Congressional staffers, and his union buddies, the President had the insurance companies cover for him and un-cancel cancellations for people who had lost their insurance
even though the Obamacare law expressly tells them they cant offer the plans people preferred.
The disrespect for the law shown by the President, whether its a law he wrote himself or one written by the Founding Fathers, is unhealthy and undermines our country as a nation of laws, not men, as John Adams put it.
I will continue to adhere to the Constitution and work to instill that same respect on both sides of the aisle. I will also not be afraid to point out when other elected leaders are ignoring the rules of that great document.
Please stay in touch,
TREY RADEL
Member of Congress
Rep. Radel Announces Nominations to US Military Academies
FLORIDA OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
804 Nicholas Parkway East Suite 1
Cape Coral, Florida 33990
phone: 239-573-5837
3299 Tamiami Trail Suite 105
Naples, Florida 34412
phone: 239-252-6225
1123 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-2536
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here