
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Jose E. Serrano, Representing the 15th
Congressional District in the Bronx
Website
|
Biography
|
Services
|
Press Releases
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
Contact
January 17, 2014
On Capitol Hill
Serrano Lauds Spending Bill Passage
On
Wednesday, the House of Representatives passed the Consolidated
Appropriations Act
a bill that funds the government for the remainder of the
fiscal year, and that restores the damaging cuts imposed by the
sequester.
As a senior member of the Appropriations Committee and the
senior Democrat on the Financial Services and General Government
Appropriations Subcommittee, Congressman Serrano oversaw funding increases
for many federal programs important to consumers and residents of the
Bronx, including the Community Development Financial Institutions
Fund, numerous grants and loans within the Small Business Administration,
and the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance program.
While
this bill is not perfect, it is a big step in the right direction, said
Serrano.
With significantly increased funding, we have been
able to get rid of the most dire consequences of sequestration, and
restore funding for education programs, housing assistance, and consumer
protection agencies, among other things.
There is more that we
need to do to properly invest in Americas future, but this legislation
helps address many of our nations most urgent needs.
Click here to read more
Rep. Serrano: Postal Service Must Halt
Historic Buildings Sales
Congressman Serrano explained
that multiple provisions included in the omnibus appropriations bill
passed by Congress this week urged the U.S. Postal Service to halt sales
of historic post office buildings. One provision tells the USPS to
wait on the sales until after the release of a pending Inspector General
report on their legality. The other provision directs the Advisory
Council on Historic Preservation (ACHP) to issue a report on how to
ensure the USPS follows the law in its sales of historic properties. The
Inspector General report, requested by Rep. Serrano, will also examine
whether the USPS is following applicable historic preservation laws in
their historic building sales procedures and whether they have
solicited sufficient public input in this process. Many feel that the laws
have been skirted in these sales.
The language in the
omnibus appropriations bill is clear: the USPS needs to put sales of
historic Post Offices on hold while we wait to see what the Inspector
Generals report and the ACHP reports say, said Congressman Serrano. I
believe that these sales have been conducted in a manner that does not
fully comply with federal historic preservation laws. I understand the
USPS has a serious revenue problem and is trying hard to bring costs in
line with outlays, but selling off historic properties to the highest
bidder without following the appropriate procedures is completely
unacceptable. I expect the USPS to immediately halt all pending sales and
comply with the legislative language included in the omnibus
bill.
Social media
survey Social media is a important new way for people
to stay in touch.
Which social media sites are you a member of? Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Other None *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter If
you are having trouble, click here.
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2227 Rayburn House Office
Building
Washington, D.C. 20515-3216
Phone: (202) 225-4361
Fax:
(202) 225-6001
BRONX OFFICE
1231 Lafayette Avenue, 4th Floor
The Bronx, NY
10474
Phone: (718) 620-0084
Fax: (718) 620-0658
Contact Jose Serrano by E-mail:
CLICK HERE
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 