
(Click the play button or click here
to view video from the press conference)
Dear friend,
In an effort to eliminate a provision in the recent budget agreement
that unfairly singles out some military retirees for benefits cuts, I
am supporting an amendment, introduced by my colleague Senator Kelly
Ayotte (R-NH), to the Unemployment Insurance extension bill. This
amendment would remove the provision in the Bipartisan Budget Act that
reduces by one percent the annual cost-of-living increases to the
retired pay of military retirees younger than the age 62, beginning in
2015. This provision should not have been in the final budget
agreement, and this amendment would repeal it.
The amendment I am supporting would also pay for a three-month
extension of long-term unemployment benefits. I understand how
important unemployment insurance is to those who lost their jobs
through no fault of their own and are searching for work but unable to
find it. A three-month extension also would give us time to examine
ways to redesign the program to better incorporate job training and
education programs to help those seeking work find jobs in the fields
where jobs do exist. We need to better align our workforce training
programs with the needs of our nation's employers to promote hiring and
the creation of new jobs.
Our amendment would pay for these costs by eliminating fraud in the
Additional Child Tax Credit program (ACTC). The Inspector General of
the Treasury Department has reported that individuals who are not
authorized to work in the U.S. fraudulently receive billions of dollars
from the ACTC each year. Putting an end to this fraud would save
approximately $20 billion over ten years.
This amendment would remove an unfair provision targeting our military
retirees, help unemployed Americans, and put an end to fraud in a tax
program. I have joined my colleagues in asking the Senate Majority
Leader to allow an open amendment process as we debate the Unemployment
Insurance extension bill so that this important amendment can receive a
vote.
Sincerely,
Susan Collins
United States Senator
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
(Click the play button or
click
here
to view video from the press conference)
Dear friend,
In an effort to eliminate a provision in the recent budget
agreement that unfairly singles out some military retirees for benefits cuts, I am supporting an
amendment, introduced by my colleague Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH), to the Unemployment Insurance extension
bill. This amendment would remove the provision in the Bipartisan Budget Act that reduces by one percent
the annual cost-of-living increases to the retired pay of military retirees younger than the age 62,
beginning in 2015. This provision should not have been in the final budget agreement, and this amendment
would repeal it.
The amendment I am supporting would also pay for a three-month extension
of long-term unemployment benefits. I understand how important unemployment insurance is to those who
lost their jobs through no fault of their own and are searching for work but unable to find it. A three-month
extension also would give us time to examine ways to redesign the program to better incorporate
job training and education programs to help those seeking work find jobs in the fields where jobs do
exist. We need to better align our workforce training programs with the needs of our nation&#8217;s employers
to promote hiring and the creation of new jobs.
Our amendment would pay for these costs by eliminating fraud in
the Additional Child Tax Credit program (ACTC). The Inspector General of the Treasury Department has
reported that individuals who are not authorized to work in the U.S. fraudulently receive billions of
dollars from the ACTC each year. Putting an end to this fraud would save approximately $20 billion over
ten years.
This amendment would remove an unfair provision targeting our military
retirees, help unemployed Americans, and put an end to fraud in a tax program. I have joined my colleagues
in asking the Senate Majority Leader to allow an open amendment process as we debate the Unemployment
Insurance extension bill so that this important amendment can receive a vote.
Sincerely,
Susan Collins
United States Senator
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
