
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
November 30, 2013
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Legislation
|
District 15
|
About Rubn
|
Media
Center
|
Contact
Dear
Friends,
With the rising cost of college tuition across
our country, many college students and those planning to attend college
are looking for ways to minimize higher education expenses. It is a
serious matter when American students cannot afford to enroll in
college and pursue necessary degrees due to a lack of
funds.
For many years, I have worked with many
colleagues in Congress on legislation that would help make higher education
more affordable and accessible. In March 2010, the Health Care and
Education Reconciliation Act was signed into law. This historic bill
included the largest investment in higher education since the 1944 passage
of the GI Bill. The 2010 bill invested $36 billion into the Pell
Grant program during 10 years and increased the maximum annual award per
student to $5,550. It is worth noting that the number of Pell Grant
recipients increased from 6.2 million in 2008 to more than 9 million just
three years later, according to the U.S. Department of
Education.
The legislation eliminated
subsidies to banks in the federal student loan programs and instead
originated all federal student loans directly through the government, thus
making college loans more affordable.
This law made significant and positive changes to the way students
and families borrow money for college loans. It significantly
increased the ability for low-income and middle-class students to borrow more
affordably and apply for larger Pell Grants. It strengthened our
community colleges and institutions that serve minorities and
Hispanics.
There are, however, other expense
barriers for college students. The cost of supplies and textbooks is
at an all-time high. During the past decade, the cost of new textbooks
has increased by 82 percent
that is three times faster than the
rate of inflation. It is for this reason that, in November 2013, I
introduced House Resolution 3538, the Affordable College Textbook Act. This
legislation would create a competitive grant program for institutions
of higher education to create and expand the use of textbooks that can
be made available online and licensed under terms that grant the
public the right to freely access, customize and distribute the material,
also known as open
textbooks.
Open textbooks are educational resources that are made
available free of charge to the public. This allows professors,
students, researchers and others to freely access these materials as a
classroom supplement or alternative to traditional
textbooks.
In my subcommittee on higher education and
workforce training, we had a recent hearing on this issue. We heard from
a nonprofit textbook publisher, OpenStax College, which is based at
Rice University, that informed us that the University of Texas-Pan
American has adopted a free book for UTPA physics students that is offered
through Rice Universitys OpenStax College. This translates to UTPA
students saving money.
Textbook
costs are one of the most overlooked college expenses, but it can be
substantial and a huge barrier that prevents many from attaining a
college education. According to the College Board, the average student
budget for college books and supplies during the 2012- 2013 academic year
was $1,200. According to U.S. PIRG Higher Education, the cost-savings
potential for students with open textbooks is 80 to 100 percent
compared to buying published textbooks.
Specifically, the
Affordable College Textbook
Act :
Creates a
grant program to support pilot programs at colleges and universities to
create and expand the use of open textbooks with priority for those
programs that will achieve the highest savings for
students;
Ensures that any open textbooks or educational materials
created using program funds will be freely and easily accessible to
the public;
Requires entities who receive funds to complete a report on
the effectiveness of the program in achieving savings for
students;
Requires the Government Accountability Office to report to Congress by
2017 with an update on the price trends of college
textbooks.
Making
high-quality open textbooks freely available to the general public would
significantly lower college textbook costs and increase accessibility to
higher education.
Offering open
textbooks also would improve learning and teaching through course
materials that are more flexible, adaptable and accessible for
professors.
Simply put, this is about making
college more accessible and more affordable for students who are eager
to earn their college degree. I will urge my colleagues on both sides
of the aisle to support H.R. 3538 to make College more affordable for
students.
Sincerely,
Ruben Hinojosa
Member of Congress
E-mail Updates Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.* Click Here *By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Did you find this information
useful? Yes No *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
Washington, DC Office
U.S. House of
Representatives
2262 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington,
DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2531
Fax:
(202) 225-5688
Edinburg Office
2864 West Trenton
Road
Edinburg, TX 78539
Phone :
(956) 682-5545
Fax: (956) 682-0141
Seguin Office
100 South Austin Street, Suite 1
Seguin, Texas
78155
Phone : (830)
401-0457
Fax: (830) 379-0984
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
