
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
We&rsquo;re
trying out a new format in this week&rsquo;s update &ndash; bringing you headlines
for easy searching and more links to photos, videos, and news stories
from the week.
Let us know
what you think of the format or what you&rsquo;d like to see included in future updates.
VIDEO :
Congressman Reed seeks to increase home heating assistance for low income households in New York
The
winter months bring rising energy costs that low income families and
individuals often struggle to meet. I am looking to increase home
heating assistance for these households in New York by directing heating
assistance dollars to the households in greatest need. Heating is not a
luxury in states like New York battling temperatures routinely below
freezing, it is a necessity. That&rsquo;s why I am introducing the
Low Income Heating Improvement Act
to
restore the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) to its
original intent and protect households in the coldest states in the
country.
Listen in
as I talk about how reforms would bring more heating assistance to New York
Rep. Reed talks with CUTCO managers about bringing back American manufacturing
Click the link from the
Olean Times Herald
above
to read more on our visit to CUTCO this week for a tour of the
facility, meeting with CUTCO senior leadership and a town hall-style
question and answer session with CUTCO department heads, employees and
union officials. More photos from our visit
here .
Here
with Cutco President and COO Jim Stitt, Jr. at Cutco&rsquo;s Olean facility
Monday for a tour and meeting with employees and Cutco leadership.
Reed Fighting for Emergency Workers
In order to protect volunteer firefighters and EMS personnel under Obamacare, I am co-sponsoring the bipartisan
Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act .
The bill ensures that volunteer firefighters and EMS volunteers are not
subjected to the employer mandate under Obamacare. Such a distinction
would burden communities with unnecessary costs as the vast majority of
volunteers obtain health care through their primary employer, not the
volunteer organization. Forcing fire departments to make the tough
decision to eliminate volunteers is not fair to the departments, the
volunteers who selflessly give their time and expertise, or the
communities who benefit from their emergency services. Just as these
volunteers care for us, we need to care for and protect them so they can
continue serving our communities.
Click
here
to see what local fire and EMS volunteers are saying about the bill.
Reed reflects on anniversary of America&rsquo;s War on Poverty
We marked the 50 th
anniversary of America&rsquo;s War on Poverty by reflecting on the progress
made since President Lyndon B. Johnson launched efforts in 1964 and
looking ahead to what can be done to change the status quo to increase
economic opportunity in the U.S.
Solutions
should empower individuals and families to be self sufficient and
engage the nation&rsquo;s youth now to break the cycle of generational
poverty. Getting Americans back to work with the tools necessary to
succeed will combat that trend. The best way to prepare individuals is
by teaching them to fish rather than handing them a fish.
Upcoming:
Gathering in Support of Lake Shore Hospital Saturday
The House will be in session again next week &ndash; keep an eye out for next week&rsquo;s update to see what the House is voting on.
Social Media:
We&rsquo;re on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube for those of you looking for more regular updates:
As
always, I appreciate the opportunity to update you on my work here at
home and in Washington. If you know of someone who might be interested
in receiving regular updates, please feel free to forward this email and
encourage them to subscribe by following this
link .
Best,
Tom
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
