
December 5, 2013
Dear Neighbor,
I would like to share with you several updates from our congressional district and Washington D.C.
In the meantime, visit my website at
www.Waters.house.gov
for frequent updates and stay connected with me through my
Facebook page
and
Twitter account .
Please feel free to forward this information to your family and friends in our district. As always, you're
welcome to write or call my office with your questions or concerns.
It&rsquo;s a great honor serving you.
Sincerely,
Maxine Waters
Member of Congress
Remembering Lawndale's Mayor Harold Hofmann
"I was very saddened to learn of the passing of my friend, Mayor Harold Hofmann. He was an exceptional and committed public servant who has always done what he believes is best for the City of Lawndale. Serving as mayor for 22 years and as a city council member for ten years, Mayor Hofmann was a kind and gentle man who exhibited his love for Lawndale daily through his words and actions. It is my hope that the wonderful memories of him, along with his dedicated service to Lawndale, will help to comfort the Hofmann family during this difficult time."
Click here to read more.
Rep. Waters Voices Security Concerns at LAX in Wake of Nov. 1 Shooting
"I addressed safety and security concerns at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) in the wake of the shooting incident that occurred on Nov. 1, 2013. During a recent congressional hearing, I raised security concerns regarding the need for law enforcement officers to be stationed at passenger screening checkpoints and for airport police to have access to airport security cameras."
Click here to read more.
Congratulations to LAWA and the City of Inglewood on Reaching Agreement for Residential Noise Mitigation
"I am very pleased that LAWA and the City of Inglewood have reached an agreement on $7.07 million in funding for residential noise mitigation efforts in Inglewood," said Congresswoman Waters. "These funds are critical for providing relief to our constituents from the noise caused by aircraft that fly into and out of LAX."
Click here to read more.
Supporting the Philippines&rsquo; survivors and their families
"My thoughts and prayers are with the victims, their families, and the survivors affected by Typhoon Haiyan and for those in my congressional district who have families and loved ones in the Philippines.
I have attended several disaster relief
events for victims including a vigil and benefit concert in Carson. I also stand ready and willing to assist our government&rsquo;s response to alleviate the suffering of the Filipino people.&rdquo;
Click here to read more.
Rep. Waters named HousingWire 2013 Woman of Influence
"I am honored to be chosen as a 2013 Woman of Influence by HousingWire for my efforts to ensure American families are provided adequate consumer protections and my longstanding support for minority rights to affordable housing and responsible lending. As Ranking Member of the Financial Services Committee, I am committed to providing greater opportunity for affordable housing to every American &ndash; particularly those who are most in need."
Click here to read more.
Honoring Our Veterans
"Achieving Greatness" with the South Bay Workforce Investment Board
A longtime advocate for veterans and their families, Rep. Waters attended several veterans' events throughout her district on Veterans Day, including speaking at the City of Gardena Annual Veterans Day Service to honor those who have answered the call to serve in our nation&rsquo;s military and protect our country on the frontlines.
Rep. Waters was present for the 18th Annual South Bay Workforce Investment Board (SBWIB) Alumni &amp; Awards event in Hawthorne, which commemorated the accomplishments of leaders within the workforce investment community. This year&rsquo;s theme was &ldquo;Achieving Greatness.&rdquo; She was recognized for her work in Congress in support of job training and employment placement services.
Please do not reply to this email. To contact my office,
please click here .
Contact Congresswoman Maxine Waters
LOS ANGELES
10124 S. Broadway, Suite 1
Los Angeles, CA 90003
Phone: (323) 757-8900
Fax: (323) 757-9506
WASHINGTON, D.C.
2221 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2201
Fax: (202) 225-7854
Unsubscribe
