DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
House Passes Data Security Bill with Veto-Proof Majority
This morning, the House passed a bill I introduced earlier this week to protect personal information required by Obamacare exchanges. The Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act passed 291-122 with more than one-third of Democrats and all Republicans supporting. This bill requires the administration to notify anyone of the loss or theft of his or her personal information within two business days. With the messy rollout of Healthcare.gov, there is great risk that the website could be hacked. Identity theft is devastating to individuals and families. In the event of theft or accidental disclosure, we have to make sure that people are protected.
Marking 50 Years Since the Start of the War on Poverty
Earlier this week marked 50 years since Lyndon Johnson declared war on poverty, prompting the creation of dozens of federal government programs and trillions of dollars in aid. Unfortunately, despite this investment 15 percent of Americans continue to live below the poverty line, roughly the same percentage as in 1963. I dont think we need to surrender to poverty, but we need to rethink the way we are fighting. My recent conference in Reading was part of my effort to work with community and elected leaders to come up with new and innovative tactics to provide greater opportunity. Im going to be continuing with these efforts in the New Year. To view my remarks on the House floor from today,
CLICK HERE .
Working Toward a Permanent Fix to Medicare Payments to Doctors
In December, Congress passed legislation to avert steep cuts to doctors working in Medicare. Right now, I am working with leaders on the Ways and Means Committee and the Senate Finance Committee to reach an agreement on permanent legislation that would provide certainty to doctors who serve Medicare patients. This week, I also chaired a Health Subcommittee hearing to discuss a number of health provisions that typically have been passed along with the short-term patches. We need to determine whether these programs should continue and what reforms might be necessary. Short-term legislating is not a good way to run government, especially when we need to think about our long-term budget challenges.
House May Consider Appropriations Bill Next Week
Next week, the House is likely to take up an appropriations bill to fund the government at the level set in last months budget agreement. We are still waiting for the details of that bill. I hope that we will have a proper amount of time to consider legislation that funds much of the federal government over the next year. We have to make sure that funding bills target government waste and abuse, especially at a time when much of our spending is being fueled with debt.
Op-ed of the Week: A Tale of Two Press Conferences
Some of you may have watched the 107 minute press conference New Jersey Governor Chris Christie held this week to answer charges about shutting down lanes to the George Washington Bridge.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Protecting Personal Information in Obamacare Databases
Rep. Pitts introduces his bill to require the government to notify consumers of any theft of information in Obamacare databases.
Winning the War on Poverty Requires New Tactics
Rep. Pitts talks about the 50th anniversary of Lyndon Johnson declaring war on poverty.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here