
Click here
to view this email in your browser | Share on:
Website
Biography
Constituent Services
In The News
Blog
Contact
January 10, 2014
Protecting Your Family From Identity Theft
Dear Friend,
At the stroke of midnight on January 1 st ,
billions in new Obamacare taxes took effect . By increasing taxes and forcing employers to cut their employees hours, Obamacare is creating a part-time economy. Hardworking taxpayers are already struggling to pay their billsthe last things families need are larger tax bills and smaller paychecks.
House conservatives remain committed to fully repealing and replacing Obamacare, but until that becomes a reality, the House continues to consider bills that will help mitigate the harmful effects of Obamacare. With my support, today the House passed
H.R. 3811 ,
the
Exchange Security and Transparency Act , which will require the Department of Health and Human Services to notify individuals if their personal information has been compromised so that they can quickly act to protect their financial and medical information. This bill will ensure that individuals and families know that their sensitive medical and financial records are safe.
The only way to completely protect hardworking taxpayers from the damaging effects of Obamacare is by
fully repealing and replacing it with patient-centered reforms that will lower health care costs for American families . In addition to continuing the fight against Obamacare, House conservatives will continue to rein in government overreach, cut spending, and reform the drivers of our out-of-control deficit and debt. We are committed to restoring the economic and individual freedoms that made our country great.
Sincerely,
John Culberson
Tell a Friend
Forward this email
to a friend.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.
Multimedia
To view the latest video of Congressman Culberson,
click here .
Connect
Youtube
Twitter
Houston office
10000 Memorial Drive Suite 620 | Houston, TX 77024 | Phone: (713) 682-8828 | Fax: (713) 680-8070
Washington, D.C. office
2352 Rayburn House Office Building | Washington, D.C. 20515 | Phone: (202) 225-2571 | Fax: (202) 225-4381
Contact Me
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here