
Sunday, November 24, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Was the 2012 Jobs Report Rigged? Investigating a Whistleblower's
Shocking Claim
Tuesday night, Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa and I appeared on Fox with Sean Hannity to talk about a whistleblower's disturbing allegations that Census employees fabricated data used for determining the unemployment rate...right before the 2012 Presidential Election. Coincidence? We're investigating to find out. Click
here
to watch our Sean Hannity segment, where we discussed the alleged false jobs report and our plans of future investigations to get answers.
This week, we found out about what appears to be ANOTHER potential scandal involving the Obama Administration. On Monday, the New York Post broke a
news story
that featured a whistleblowers shocking allegations: According to a former U.S. Census Bureau employee,
employment data collected by the U.S. Census Bureau in the 2012 was fraudulent.
Even more disturbing:
the whistleblower is claiming the Labor Department used this same fabricated data to determine the unemployment rate in 2012 jobs reports: a report the Labor Department releases each month to provide Americans with an outlook on the state of our economy.
These allegations are extremely serious. Any fabrication or manipulation of Census data - for any reason, political or otherwise - is a serious offense and has major consequences. Census data influences decisions made from Main Street to Wall Street, in Congress and with the Federal Reserve. Not to mention, the American people who look to - and trust - the data the government releases on our nation's unemployment and the state of our economy. These allegations do nothing but give more weight to other recent scandals involving this Administration - like the IRS' targeting of conservative groups, the Administrations lies in the wake of the terrorist attacks in Benghazi, the Administration authorizing the NSA to collect private citizens phone and Internet records as a means to investigate terrorism - and most recently (until now) the President's failed promise that "if you like your health insurance you can keep it."
The day after the New York Post
story
broke on the whistleblower's allegations of the Census' "fixed" jobs report, I, along with Oversight Committee Chairman Issa and Joint Economic Subcommittee Chairman Kevin Brady sent a letter to the Director of the Census Bureau demanding more information and documents related to the potentially fabricated jobs data. Click
here
to read the letter we sent and what information we're seeking.
As Chairman of the Oversight Subcommittee with jurisdiction over the Census Bureau, I can assure you that the s ubcommittee, as well as the full Oversight Committee, will be thoroughly investigating these claims.
We will talk to Census Bureau and Administration officials, under oath, to question the agency and Administration on the validity of these allegations. In the mean time, my fellow leaders on the House Oversight Committee and I are not going to wait to until hearings are scheduled to begin our investigation into these serious allegations.
We are demanding answers now.
After learning of the whistleblower's shocking claims in the New York Post, Committee Chairman Issa, Subcommittee Chairman Kevin Brady and I sent a
letter
to the Director of the Census seeking more information related to the alleged fabricated jobs data. Here are just some of the documents we're requesting from the Census Bureau by December 3rd
(find the full list on Pages 2 and 3 of our letter
here ) : all communications related to the Current Population Survey; all e-mails to and from the former Census employee who is accusing the Census Bureau of the disturbing allegations, Julius Buckmon; all Buckmon-related documentation from the inspector generals office; all communications on data collection between the Philadelphia office in which Buckmon was employed and Census Bureau headquarters; and a list of CPS supervisors at the time.
Was the 2012 jobs report rigged by the Census Bureau? I intend to find out.
This story is far from over.
Stay tuned.
Keeping D.C. Bureaucrats Out of Texas &amp; Supporting Energy Initiatives to Create American Jobs
I joined the debate on the House floor before the vote on H.R. 2728, which I cosponsor, to reiterate why we need to keep control over our state fracking regulations in Texas
and NOT to Washington bureaucrats. In case you missed it, you can watch my speech
here .
This week in the House, we made bipartisan efforts to expand domestic energy production, rein in overregulation out of Washington, create jobs here at home and lower energy costs for American families. We also made progress towards our nations goal of achieving an all-of-the-above energy policy, which will grow our economy. A booming energy industry benefits all of us, granting more energy at a lower cost, more jobs and more money in everyones pocket. Here are the three energy measures we passed and sent to the Senate this week:
H.R. 2728 ,
Protecting States Rights to Promote American Energy Security Act
- prohibits the Department of the Interior from enforcing any federal regulation related to hydraulic fracturing (commonly known as fracking) in any state that has implemented its own fracking regulations, guidelines, or permitting processes. Texas has been successfully regulating fracking for over 90 years through effectively setting and enforcing the necessary rules to ensure that hydraulic fracturing is safe. Our states regulatory agencies have an excellent track record in protecting our environment and conducting safe fracking practices that allow access to hard-to-reach oil and gas reserves. Regardless of this fact, Washington bureaucrats like the Department of the Interior, EPA, and other agencies continue to implement one-size-fits-all regulations that stifle business, set unreal standards, and impose unnecessary costs on already cash-strapped local governments and taxpayers. Thats why we passed this important measure for states rights: to ensure that no federal mandate or regulation coming out of Washington can supersede state regulations related to hydraulic fracturing that are already in place. H.R. 2728 will restore control over fracking standards and other environmental issues affecting our state and communities to those who know best: the Texans who reside there.
H.R. 2728 passed the House by a bipartisan
vote
of 235 - 187.
H.R. 1965 ,
Federal Lands Jobs and Security Act
amends the Mineral Leasing Act to revise the permit requirements for drilling on federal lands. In doing so, H.R. 1965 will protect and expand onshore domestic energy production and creates jobs here at home by streamlining government regulations and burdensome bureaucratic red tape. This bill develops an energy plan that utilizes the resources found in our own backyard, including coal, natural gas, oil, wind, and solar energy. By ensuring oil and natural gas within the National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska are transported in a timely, efficient manner, H.R. 1965 will lower energy costs for American families. Not to mention, it will save taxpayer dollars by modernizing the bidding process for federal onshore oil and natural gas leases. One thing I hear again and again from oilmen is how difficult it is to drill on federal land with all of the regulations and bureaucracy. H.R. 1965 will change that by eliminating burdensome regulations and red tape, implementing a sensible approach to domestic energy production, and ensuring were best utilizing our vast array of natural resources on federal lands.
H.R. 1965 passed the House by a bipartisan
vote
of 228 - 192.
H.R. 1900 ,
"Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act"
- amends the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to improve the current process used to review project applications for natural gas pipelines. By modernizing and streamlining the federal review process, H.R. 1900 prevents potential economic growth from being held up by bureaucratic red tape. Under the reforms in the bill we passed, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) would be required to approve or deny a requested pipeline permit within 12 months of receiving a completed application for the project. The Energy Policy Act of 2005 designated the FERC as the lead agency charged with reviewing natural gas pipeline project applications. Despite the increased authority given to FERC, permitting delays still persist
and why H.R. 1900 will establish firm timelines for the FERC to review pipeline project applications. I believe in the future of natural gas, and Im confident this measure that clears the road for natural gas development will support and strengthen the economy in Texas and our nation.
H.R. 1900 passed the House by a bipartisan
vote
of 252 - 165.
These bipartisan efforts are just the latest steps were taking to address our nations energy and economic needs and rein in an out of control federal bureaucracy. I'm committed to cutting government red tape and getting the government out of the way so that America can get back to work, become energy independent and can allow for hardworking taxpayers to live the American dream.
Examining Mismanagement of the Benefits Program for Disabled Workers
Click
here
to watch me question officials from the Social Security Administration at our Oversight hearing this week.
It's the responsibility of the House Oversight Committee to keep account of our government agencies and ensure the programs they oversee are running efficiently: a duty especially important when agencies appear to be mismanaging programs that millions of Americans rely on. To that end, Tuesday's hearing in our Committee aimed to shed light on the Social Security Administration's (SSA) failure to effectively manage the federal benefits program for disabled workers.
In 2012 alone, the U.S. spent $135 billion on Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) program benefits and an additional $80 billion on Medicare benefits for SSDI beneficiaries. The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that, without reform, the SSDI trust fund will be depleted within a few years - disrupting the lives of millions of disabled adults and children who rely on these benefits.
We held this hearing to get a progress report from top SSA officials on actions they're taking to ensure the SSDI program is being run in the most efficient way possible: a factor that is critical in making sure the Disability Insurance program is preserved for the Americans who depend on it.
During my questioning, I sought answers from the SSA on the effectiveness of its system for reviewing disability claims, as well as for processing beneficiary payments. Watch
here .
Corpus Christi Intern Profile: Andrew Lugo
Name:
Andrew Lugo
Hometown:
Agoura Hills, California
Favorite Movie:
The Departed
Favorite Book:
The Bible
Favorite Sports Teams:
L.A. Lakers, L.A. Dodgers, USA soccer
Favorite Fast Food Restaurant:
Subway, eat fresh ;)
Role Model:
My Father, owner of Mensch Company Woodworks
What you hope to gain from this internship:
I hope to do everything I can to help elect leaders I believe in, learn how to be a better leader, advance my knowledge of politics, and become the best Conservative I can be!
Pick One: Sleep or Seize the Day!:
You have to seize the day, you'll sleep better later!
Questioning First Sale and Piracy Issues in a Digital Age
During the questioning round of our Judiciary's Internet Subcommittee hearing this week, I focused on getting answers on the digital for sale doctrine and online piracy. To hear what I asked, click
here .
One of the Judiciary Subcommittees I serve on (the Courts, Intellectual Property and the Internet) held a hearing on Wednesday on, "The Rise of Innovative Business Models: Content Delivery Methods in the Digital Age." During the hearing, I questioned representatives from Amazon and the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) about digital first sale and piracy issues. As more of our music, books and movies are purchased digitally, is our ownership over these goods the same as traditional property? Another big issue I discussed was how to combat piracy and target the bad actors who are causing losses to the content industry. Click
here
to watch.
Trolling Patent Trolls
On Wednesday, we
voted
to pass the "Innovation Act" ( H.R. 3309 ) out of the Judiciary Committee in a bipartisan vote of 33-5. The Innovation Act is a patent litigation reform bill that specifically targets abusive patent trolls. This important piece of legislation includes language I introduced in the Patent Litigation and Innovation Act, including heightened pleading, stricter discovery requests and fee shifting provisions. The Innovation Act takes a pivotal step toward eliminating the abuses of our patent system by discouraging these frivolous patent lawsuits. Now that the Innovation Act has cleared its first hurdle in the House, the next stop will be the House floor for a vote - hopefully sooner rather than later. I'm confident that this common-sense measure is a sure-fire way to stop patent trolls in their tracks.
Click
here
for a section-by-section summary of the Innovation Act, courtesy of the Judiciary Committee.
Follow Me on Twitter...
At
@HouseJudiciary
hearing on the
#InnovationAct
where we're considering my provisions to stop abusive patent trolls
#WantWiFiAtWhataburger
20 Nov 2013
Just voted to keep control over our state fracking regulations in Texas- NOT DC bureaucrats. Watch my floor speech:
youtube.com/watch?v=3LZRX0
20 Nov 2013
At our
@Transport
hearing to look at the future of surface transportation and the impact of
#driverless
cars on technology &amp; innovation
19 Nov 2013
New
@AAF
study: regs on #smallbiz can reduce employment by 20%. Gov't overregulation is crushing job creators:
http://bit.ly/19ALhNn
19 Nov 2013
Connect
Latest News
Reps. Issa, Farenthold on alleged false jobs report
Fox News
Congress takes up probe of fake unemployment data
The Daily Caller
Republican House Leaders To Look Into Report On Faked Jobs Data
Huffington Post
Washington's Top Watchdog Is Getting Involved In The Jobs Report-Rigging Story
Business Insider
House Panel to Probe Unemployment Data
ABC News
Hannity: More evidence of a 'pattern of lies' coming from the White House?
Fox News
House panel to investigate unemployment data
CNNMoney
House panel to probe claim that data used to compute unemployment numbers was fabricated
The Washington Post
Investigation Planned Into Jobs Data Collection, but Systemic Manipulation Unlikely
The Wall Street Journal
GOP to probe faked jobs report
The Hill
WH, Carney calls faked job report numbers another fake scandal
BizPac Review
Census Sees No Systemic Manipulation of U.S. Jobs Data
Bloomberg
Labor Department Says It Contacted Commerce on Jobs Charges
San Francisco Chronicle
Oversight Committee to Probe Shocking Census Allegations
The Washington Free Beacon
Census Bureau: No systematic manipulation of jobs data
USA Today
Federal probe to determine whether job numbers were faked ahead of 2012 election
The Register Citizen News
Titch: Patent reform getting long-overdue attention
Houston Chronicle
Garlocks suit against asbestos firm points to abuse FACT Act designed to fix
Legal Newsline
Bonamici and Schock Lead 28 House Members In Support Of STEM To STEAM
Albany Tribune
Monthly jobs numbers from Census Bureau may have been manipulated since 10
report
RT America
False census data used to determine jobless rate leading up to 2012 presidential election: Reports
AL.com
Special Report: Broken Promises
KRIS-TV
**If you or someone you know is having problems with a Veterans benefit claim, my office is here to help. As KRIS-TV
mentioned , Retired U.S. Army Captain Rene Coronado serves as my Veterans Service Representative. Part of his job is to help Veterans get the benefits theyve earned. You can reach Rene in my Corpus Christi office at 361-884-2222, or you can e-mail Rene at
Rene.Coronado@mail.house.gov .
Coming Up Next Week...
Next week, I'll be back in Texas for a Constituent Work Week. To follow the latest updates and pictures from my week in the district, I encourage you to stay connected via social media. Follow my posts on Twitter
here
and latest photo updates on Instagram
here , "like" my page on Facebook
here , and subscribe to my YouTube channel
here .
Around the 27th District
My Corpus Christi office Field Representative Luis Buentello attended Sherwin Aluminas 60th Anniversary Celebration over the weekend, where he presented the company with a certificate in honor of 60 years of outstanding service to our community.
More than 100 company employees, ranging from having 25 to 44 years of continuous employment with Sherwin Alumina, were recognized for their dedicated service at the anniversary event.
This week, my Field Representative Casey Newman helped welcome two new local businesses to the community with honorary certificates and warm wishes on my behalf. Congratulations to the folks at BZ Country Petals and House of Bread on your new endeavors.
Casey is pictured here with Kathy Zella, owner of BZ Country Petals, which just opened in Gonzales.
Casey and Tom Fitzwilliam, owner of the brand new House of Bread in Victoria.
My Veterans Field Representative Captain Rene Coronado is pictured here with volunteers from the Disabled American Veterans (DAV) Post 150 Womens Auxiliary Thanksgiving Day Veterans Luncheon, held at the Corpus Christi Vet Center. I commend the DAV Post 150 Womens Auxiliary for their hard work fundraising and gathering donations to fund this special Veterans event, which was open to all Veterans in South Texas.
Bob Haueter, Deputy Chief of Staff in my office, attended the U.S. Marine Corps 238th Birthday Celebration in Corpus Christi. Pictured in the foreground is the POW/MIA table, which sets a place of honor that is solemnly held for those who have not yet returned from war. In the background, a Marine Honor Guard presents the birthday cake for a ceremonial cutting of the cake.
My Field Representative Luis recently honored the Corpus Christi Black Chamber of Commerce with a certificate to celebrate their 70th Anniversary.
Another Field Representative from my office, Carol Wootton, attended the Bay City Chamber of Commerce Mixer hosted by Texas Dow Employees Credit Union (TDECU) on Thursday evening. Pictured, from left to right: Kerri Wikiff (TDECU Branch Manager), Carol from my office, Mitch Thames (Bay City Chamber of Commerce President), and Carolyn Thames (Bay City Mayor Pro Tem).
Casey snapped these shots during his tour of the Luling Oil Museum (located off of Main Street) with Carol Voitt. He said he particularly enjoyed the stories Carol shared with him of the building history and town of Luling. Ive visited the museum a couple of times myself. Well worth a stop... and just down the street from City Market, home of some of the best BBQ ribs around.
Monday night was the South Texas Council Boy Scouts of America 27th Annual Distinguished Citizen Award Dinner, where my office presented honorary certificates to the award recipients on my behalf. Congratulations to State Representative Todd The Toddfather Hunter and his wife Alexis on being awarded the Distinguished Citizen Award.
From Instagram
Before appearing on Fox with Sean Hannity Tuesday night to discuss a whistleblower's shocking allegations that Census employees fabricated data used to determine the unemployment rate. As Chairman of the House Oversight Subcommittee on the Census, I find these allegations deeply troubling and intend to work with Chairman Issa to investigate this fully.
Long day in the Judiciary Committee marking up legislation to reform our patent system, including measures I introduced to stop abusive patent trolls. Only the strong patent trolls survive #latergram #hjc113 #fixpatents
Woke up early last Sunday morning and took a walk. Band playing in front of the Alamo for a marathon and bike race. Bikes just blew by.
Better shot of marathon morning at the Alamo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here