
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
December 31, 2013
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues &amp;
Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th
District
Dear
Friend,
With 2013 coming to a close, I wanted to share with you a
few thoughts on this legislative session.
While
this year was an incredibly frustrating time in Washington -- with
unnecessary partisan bickering around even noncontroversial issues -- we've
also seen some small breakthroughs and important progress.
Earlier this month, Congress reached bipartisan agreement on a budget for
the next couple years.
And after years of a painful recession
and halting recovery, we now have a lower unemployment rate and
increased construction, lower jobless claims and a much faster than expected
growth rate.
I only wish that the Congress had contributed
to this improving economic picture. But the reality is much
different. This Congress was not only exceedingly unproductive, but it's
frequent lurches from one artificial crises to another have retarded our
economic recovery -- not accelerated it. This year, the House Majority
shut down the government for 16 days, taking $24 billion out of our
economy and impacting everyone.
The Congress can still make
progress on a host of issues -- by passing immigration reform, a jobs
and infrastructure bill, a farm bill, ENDA and other key measures --
and I am determined to make 2014 a year of progress.
Let me know
your priorities for the coming year.
As always, I welcome hearing
from you on these and any other matters, and I hope that you will
stay in touch.
Below are a few of the issues I have championed during
2013.
All my best,
Adam
P.S. You can always keep up
to date with what I'm working on through
subscribing
to our e-newsletter ,
liking our page on
Facebook
or
following me on
Twitter .
Reforming the NSA and Protecting Americans
Privacy
Congressman Schiff has led the push to increase
oversight and transparency of National Security Agency (NSA)
surveillance programs to ensure they protect the country and respect the
privacy and constitutional rights of all Americans. As a senior Member of
the Intelligence Committee, he has fought to eliminate programs that
unnecessarily collect the telephone records of millions of Americans.
Schiff proposed the elimination of the bulk collection of phone records
by the government, and has introduced several pieces of reform
legislation to establish an adversarial process in the FISA Court, declassify
court opinions, change appointments to the court and restructure the
phone metadata program.
After Edward Snowden's leaks, Schiff
first introduced the Ending Secret Law Act which would require the
Attorney General to declassify significant Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Court (FISC) opinions, allowing Americans to know how the Court
has interpreted the legal authorities created under Section 215 of the
PATRIOT Act and Section 702 of the FISA Amendments Act.
Second,
Schiff introduced legislation to require that the 11 judges on the
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC) be nominated by the
President and confirmed by the Senate. Finally, Schiff introduced
legislation to require the Privacy and Civil Liberties Board to create a pool of
attorneys with experience in Fourth Amendment or national security
law to advocate for the privacy interests of the public before the
FISC.
Read More:
New York
Times:
Spying Known at Top Levels, Officials Say
Los
Angeles Times
Op-ed: An NSA Fix
MSNBC:
Rep. Schiff Speaks with MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell about NSA
Reform and FISA Court Changes
Washington Post:
U.S. tries to deal with blowback
from disclosure of surveillance on allies
Los Angeles
Times:
A spy
world reshaped by Edward
Snowden
Reducing Helicopter Noise Above Our
Neighborhoods
Los Angeles County residents are tired of incessant and
unnecessary helicopter noise. The Federal Aviation Administration,
for far too long, has refused to regulate the noise that plagues our
communities. Congressman Schiff introduced legislation, the Los Angeles
Residential Helicopter Noise Relief Act, which would require the
FAA to issue regulations relating to helicopter flight paths and
altitudes to reduce helicopter noise pollution in residential
areas.
During a town hall with local residents
in June, stakeholders and FAA representatives, Schiff said that
"voluntary measures, in the past, have been inadequate. If the FAA won't
act, Congress will." Just this month, Schiff and other LA lawmakers
tried moved to attach language to a spending bill that would direct the
FAA, within a year after the measure's passage, to begin writing rules
to reduce helicopter noise unless it can show that voluntary
noise-reduction efforts are working.
Read
More:
KPCC:
FAA tells LA residents more data needed
before mandatory restrictions to ease helicopter noise can be
considered
KTLA:
Rep. Schiff Hosts Town Hall on Helicopter Noise
Pollution
Los Angeles Times:
L.A.-area House members
launch new effort to reduce helicopter noise
Los Angeles
Daily News Editorial: New helicopter noise fight needs Southern
Californians
support
Successful Urging Metrolink to Undertake a Health Risk Assessment of Taylor
Yards
Congressman Schiff, along with Elysian Valley
and Cypress Park leaders and community members successfully urged
Metrolink earlier this year to undertake a health risk assessment of their
Taylor Yards facility in the Elysian Valley.
For a long time,
residents have expressed concern about the impact of Metrolink trains on
their health, given that the trains idle for long periods of time in
the yard emitting Diesel Particulate Matter
(DPM).
"For years Elysian Valley and Cypress Park residents have
expressed concern about operations at Taylor Yards, that running Metrolinks
trains to clean and maintain them during the day is noisy and emits
Diesel Particulate Matter," said Schiff. "Finally, Metrolink has agreed
to a health risk assessment to look into the
health risk of
living near the facility."
Read
More:
KCET: Metrolink Agrees to Health Risk
Assessment for Elysian Valley
Residents
KPCC: Adam Schiff and Mitch O'Farrell urge Metrolink to study
health risks of Taylor Yards
soot
Los Angeles Times: Rep. Adam Schiff asks Metrolink to assess yard's
health risks
The Eastsider:
Congressman wants Metrolink to study health impact of Cypress Park rail
yard
Extending Benefits to Same-Sex Military Spouses and
Veterans
Earlier this year, Congressman Schiff led an effort joined by other
House colleagues, to urge the Department of Defense to extend equal
treatment to same sex spouses of U.S. service members who are denied a
wide range of services and benefits - from health insurance to
pre-deployment counseling, to access to base commissaries. Schiff and other
Members urged the Secretary to allow same-sex spouses to be granted
military identification cards, access to Morale, Welfare, and Recreation
(MWR) programs, and to allow access to family programs like
deployment support, marriage and family counseling, relocation assistance and
financial management.
"We need to make sure that all military families
including those
with same sex partners serving at home or abroad
have access to the
very best care, facilities and services possible.
In his last
days before leaving office, Secretary Panetta can add to his already
long list of accomplishments, take up this cause and make sure that the
administration acts," Schiff said at the time.
The
Department of Defense finally extended these
benefits.
Read More:
NPR: Pentagon To Extend Some
Military Benefits To Same-Sex Partners
WeHo News: Same Sex
Spouses to Get Military Benefits
Washington
Post: Pentagon to extend certain benefits to same-sex
spouses
Recognizing the Armenian
Genocide
As the
representative of a strong and vibrant Armenian community in Los Angeles,
Congressman Schiff is proud to help lead the fight to officially recognize
the Armenian Genocide.
Schiff this year introduced the
bipartisan resolution calling on the President to work toward equitable,
constructive, and durable Armenian-Turkish relations based upon the Republic
of Turkey's full acknowledgement of the facts and ongoing
consequences of the Armenian Genocide, and a fair, just, and comprehensive
international resolution of this crime against humanity.
Schiff also recently pushed the
White House to release the Armenian Orphan Rug, which is a symbol of
the resilience of the Armenian people and their gratitude to the United
States for aid during the genocide.
Schiff will be hosting a
Capitol Hill reception to educate lawmakers on the genocide and American
relief efforts, and hopes to display the rug at this
event.
The facts of
history are well-settled
1.5 million Armenian men, women and children
were deliberately murdered in the first genocide of the 20th Century,
Schiff said. With each passing day, we lose a few more of the
dwindling number of survivors.
I feel a powerful sense of urgency to
recognize the Armenian Genocide while we still have survivors among
us.
This year,
Schiff also spoke on the House of Representatives -- in Armenian, a
Congressional first -- to honor the memory of those 1.5 million women,
children and men lost in the genocide:
Read More:
Los Angeles Times: White
House urged to display Armenian Orphan Rug commemorating
genocide
CBS 2: Rep. Schiff Speaks with about the Armenian Orphan
Rug
Asbarez: Armenian Genocide Truth and Justice Act
Introduced In Congress
Pasadena Star News: Rep. Schiff urges Obama to recognize
Armenian Genocide
New U.S.
Forest Service Night-Flying Helicopter Available to Fight
Wildfires
After the deadly Station Fire,
Congressman Schiff, along with Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), successfully
pushed to secure equipment necessary to allow night-flying
water-dropping helicopters.
We will never know for certain if night flying
could have extinguished the Station Fire in those critical early hours,
but adding this capability will give us a better chance in future
wildfires to protect residents houses, precious natural resources and,
most importantly, lives, said Schiff.
Read
More:
Pasadena Star-News: Forest Service has
night-flying helicopter; first time in 40 years
Pasadena Sun
Op-ed: With fire season upon us, US Forest Service night flying
helicopter ready
KPCC: US Forest Service can now use night-flying
helicopters to fight fires
CBS/KNX: US Forest Service OKs
Chopper To Fight Wildfires At Night
San Gabriel Valley
Tribune: New night-flying helicopters helped contain Madre
Fire
Pushing Legislation
to Prevent Gun Violence
In the wake of the tragic shooting at Newtown
over a year ago, Congressman Schiff has been helping to lead reform
efforts to reduce gun violence and save lives through commonsense
measures like universal background checks, a ban on assault weapons and
extended ammunition clips, and tougher penalties on gun
traffickers.
Schiff has also
introduced legislation that would repeal the immunity from liability that
irresponsible gun makers and sellers receive. Allowing victims of gun
violence their day in court serves the interest of justice and
encourages responsible business practices. Good gun companies dont need
special protection from the law, and bad gun companies certainly dont
deserve it, said Schiff. As part of our larger effort to stop gun
violence in the country, everyone
including gun companies
should be
held accountable for their actions.
Read
More:
Glendale News Press: Rep. Adam Schiff seeks
to roll back liability protections for gun manufacturers,
sellers
CBS 2:
Rep. Schiff Hosts Town Hall on Gun
Violence Prevention
Los Angeles Times Op-ed: Liability,
guns and the law
The Atlantic: The Struggle Over Gun
Control in Congress Begins With These Two Men
Los
Angeles Times: As Senate acts, trying to figure out why Americans love their
guns
Contact
Information
Washington, DC
2411 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4176
Facsimile:
(202) 225-5828
Burbank Office
245
E. Olive Ave., #200
Burbank, California 91502
Phone: (818) 450-2900
Phone: (323) 315-5555
Facsimile: (818) 450-2928
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
