
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
November 29, 2013
Dear Friend,
I hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving holiday
with your loved ones! On Thanksgiving I was especially grateful for
the service men and women who are sacrificing holidays without their
families to fight for the freedoms and liberties that make our nation so
special. I am blessed with the opportunity to represent you, and I am
thankful for the responsibility.
On Monday the
Sacramento County Superior Court issued rulings in two cases concerning the
California High-Speed Rail Authority (Authority). In the first case, the
judge denied the Authoritys request to validate more than $8 billion
in Proposition 1A bonds, and in the second, the judge ordered the
Authority to re-write its funding plan before any state bond money can be
spent on HSR construction. In light of these rulings,
I sent a letter
on Tuesday to the Comptroller General and
asked that the U.S. Government Accountability Office review the
Authoritys funding agreements with the federal government. My top priority is
to ensure that taxpayer dollars are being spent responsibly. The
Authority has already spent hundreds of millions of federal taxpayer
dollars, and now has no identified state matching funds. My letter, which
was also signed by Rep. Tom Latham of Iowa, who chairs the House
Appropriations subcommittee on Transportation, asks the GAO to determine if
the Authority is violating or on the verge of violating its grant
agreements with the federal government and if the state court rulings on
Monday put the FRA in violation of federal laws. You can view my letter
online
here .
As you may have seen,
on Wednesday the Administration announced yet another delay to the
Affordable Care Act
delaying the mandate for small businesses to
enroll. Their latest in a series of postponements is more evidence that
there is no fix for the law. Instead the Affordable Care Act should be
fully repealed and replaced with patient-centered, cost-saving reforms
passed through bipartisan effort.
I had the honor of
welcoming Taylor Barry as an intern in my Washington office this fall.
Barry, a political theory graduate of the University of California, Santa
Cruz is a Fresno native who came to Washington, D.C. to pursue her
interests in defense and veterans issues through interning on Capitol
Hill.
Taylor interned in my D.C. office for the last several
months.
Due to the timing of my
internship, I have spent a considerable amount of time learning about
what healthcare reform needs to look like in this country, said Barry.
Her post-internship plans include pursuing a PhD in political theory
or international studies.
Each of my offices interns
plays a valuable role in helping us to serve the people of Californias
10th district. Washington provides a wonderful learning environment for
many young people interested in politics, political theory and
service. Taylor was a great asset to my staff.
I chose to
intern with Congressman Denham because he is a man of integrity and I have
an immense amount of respect for the work hes done for veterans,
said Barry. This experience has taught me so much about just how
important it is to remain true to your convictions. The right thing to do
isnt always the easy thing to do.
Taylor is the daughter
of Mary Ann McCarthy, John Barry and Rebekah Barry.
We
are accepting applications for spring and summer internships in both my
Modesto and Washington offices. If you or someone you know is
interested in an internship, please visit my internship
web
page
for more information.
I post regular updates
to my
Twitter
and
Facebook
pages to keep you updated on my work in the Central Valley
and our nations capital. For more information, you may also visit my
website .
JEFF
DENHAM
Do you believe the California High-Speed Rail
project should be brought back to the voters to approve or decline spending
state bond funds?
Yes No Do you ride Amtrak now?
Yes No *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite
202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
