
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
JANUARY 10, 2014
Please allow me to update you on some of this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Paul Opposes Yellen Nomination to Federal Reserve
Earlier this week, the U.S. Senate voted to confirm the nomination of Dr. Janet Yellen to serve as the Chairman of the Federal Reserve. Following the vote, I took to the Senate floor to speak out against Yellen's nomination and push for a more transparent Federal Reserve.
Click
HERE
to watch my floor speech.
(Dr. Paul speaking out against the nomination of Dr. Janet Yellen - January 6, 2014)
Dr. Paul and Sen. McConnell Push Economic Freedom Zones as Amendment to Unemployment Insurance Extension
Last month, along with Sen. Mitch McConnell, I introduced the " Economic Freedom Zones Act of 2013 " to foster job creation and economic growth in areas with high unemployment and poverty.
My bill provides for the establishment of free market enterprise zones what will help facilitate the creation of new jobs, entrepreneurial opportunities, enhance and renew educational opportunities and increase community involvement in the most impoverished areas of our nation. These zones will apply to any zip code with unemployment greater than one and a half times the national average. This bill will dramatically reduce taxes and red tape so that families and businesses can grow and thrive.
On Thursday, Sen. McConnell and I visited the White House for President Obama's unveiling of his "Promise Zones" proposal, which has similar goals to Economic Freedom Zones. The President's ideas are a step in the right direction, but I believe even more bold action, like my Economic Freedom Zones, is needed.
Unlike the President's proposal, Economic Freedom Zones apply everywhere with severe unemployment, not just in locations hand-picked by Washington. Economic Freedom Zones also do not rely on government money and government decisions, rather they enable businesses that are already successful to grow and create even more jobs using their own money.
In order to change our course, we must reverse the trend toward more Big Government by ending the corporate welfare and crony capitalism that limits choice and stifles competition. We must encourage policies that will lift up the individual, allow for the creation of new jobs, improve the school system and get these communities back to work.
Click
HERE
to read more about Economic Freedom Zones and
HERE
to watch my press conference.
(Dr. Paul discussing Economic Freedom Zones with the White House Press Corps - January 9, 2014)
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, hundreds of thousands of Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, and smoke and mirrors. It is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business. Share your story by visiting my website:
http://www.paul.senate.gov/
Click
HERE
to listen to my Obamacare horror story.
Media Wrap-Up
This past week, I appeared on
ABC's This Week with George Stephanopoulos
and
Fox's On the Record with Greta Van Susteren . I joined Leland Conway on WHAS Louisville and several national radio shows throughout the week as well. I also penned an op-ed for
USA Today .
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
