
December 16, 2013
Click here
to view this email in your browser
Time for American Renewal
Six point plan to unify country
America is being tested.
Our national debt has grown larger than the size of our economy.
Unemployment has become so pervasive that more Americans have given up looking for work altogether than ever.
Foreign powers question our resolve and undermine our position on the world stage.
Lurching from crisis to crisis, Washington is unable to address the problems we face and locked in the politics of division.
Though these are trying times, America has faced and overcome great challenges before and we can do it again.
Now is not the time to throw in the towel.
Now is the time to renew America.
This week I introduced the
American Renewal Initiative .
This plan will serve as a unifying vision for our country around which we can rally.
It provides a path forward by which we can overcome the challenges we face and leave a better future for our children and grandchildren.
The six principles of the American Renewal Initiative include:
Restoring National Security: Peace Through Strength
Boosting Private Sector Job Creation
Reducing Our National Debt
Achieving Energy Independence
Enabling Work Over Welfare
Simplifying the Tax Code
One of the federal governments primary constitutional duties is to provide for the common defense.
On the Defense Appropriations Committee, I have work to ensure our military is the best trained, most well equipped, and highly cared for of any in the world.
We can achieve peace through strength by an unwavering commitment to our national security.
Government cannot create the kind of jobs we need to put America back to work but it can help create an economic environment that encourages private sector job creation and business expansion.
To do that, we have to remove government barriers to economic growth.
One of the biggest hindrances to growth is the uncertainty created by our unsustainable national debt.
For every dollar the federal government spends, forty cents is borrowed.
I have proposed limiting spending through hard caps and tying congressional pay to deficit reduction.
Washington cannot continue nibbling around the edges when it comes to cutting the budget.
Its time to get serious and to show the leadership we need to get our fiscal house in order.
By harnessing Americas energy potential, we can achieve energy independence.
The federal government must stop its blockade of vital projects like the Keystone XL pipeline or the building of new refineries here at home.
New technology and discoveries have opened up Americas vast energy resources and we must begin to safely develop them.
America was built on a strong work ethic but big government programs have created perverse incentives against work and self-reliance.
I have proposed requiring drug testing for unemployment benefits and implementing a work requirement for able-bodied welfare recipients.
Finally, we have to implement tax simplification.
Americas tax code has become so complex and unwieldy that it hinders growth.
I have long supported the Fair Tax and would vote to implement the Flat Tax because anything is better than the system we have in place now.
By uniting behind a clear agenda, we can overcome the challenges facing our country and restore trust.
The American Renewal Initiative provides a vision and direction for the country.
I invite you to review the agenda and share your thoughts with me at
http://kingston.house.gov/AmericanRenewal .
E-MAIL SIGN-UP &gt;
The American Renewal Initiative's six planks outline my bills, thoughts, and priorities to get our country back on track.
Which one do you think is most important?
Weigh in by taking my online poll.
LATEST NEWS
Kingston Unveils American Renewal Initiative
Kingston Works to Expand Privacy Protections, Restrict Domestic Surveillance
Kingston Slams FEMA's Handling of Flood Insurance Reforms
ONE MINUTE OF THE WEEK
I n case you missed it, Jack's speech on the House floor railing against Obamacare was named the "One Minute of the Week" by the House Republican Conference.
Click here to watch the video.
NOTE:
Please
do not
respond to this email as this inbox is unattended.
To better and more efficiently meet your needs in a timely manner, we use a web form which can be found by
clicking here .
Was this email forwarded to you?
To receive regular email updates from me on current issues or upcoming events, visit
http://kingston.house.gov/connect
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
PRIVACY POLICY
Click Here Click Here