
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser
No Time to Waste
January 3, 2014
Share This
Email On:
Twitter
Facebook
Understanding Your Coverage
As the New Year dawns, millions of Americans across the country are enjoying a new beginning, thanks to the Affordable Care Act. More than six million Americans are starting 2014 with newfound health security, and the freedom from fear that comes with it.
Before you go to the doctor or pharmacy using your new insurance for the first time, check out this
tip sheet , and make sure to:
Get your insurance card or a temporary card with your new plan&rsquo;s information. If you don&rsquo;t have your card yet, ask your insurance company to give you another way to confirm your coverage.
Make sure you know when your first premium payment is due and pay it by the due date.
Check to see which
doctors and pharmacies are in your network .
Bring your insurance card with you to the doctor or pharmacy. If you don&rsquo;t have a card, ask your doctor or pharmacy what other proof of insurance they may accept.
If you thought you enrolled in health coverage but aren&rsquo;t showing up in the system, call your insurance company directly.
You may also want to take a look at the
consumer tips on HealthCare.gov , which is helping people understand their new private insurance coverage. You can find out
whether your prescription is covered
and learn how to apply for an exception if the medication is not currently covered by your plan. If an insurance company refuses to pay for a specific treatment or service, you have the right to appeal a decision.
This link
can help guide you through the appeals process.
While providing the information you need to understand your new health care coverage, we must continue our work to ensure that every person who wants to enroll for coverage through
Covered California
by this year&rsquo;s enrollment deadline of January 15th, 2014
is able to do so &mdash;and enjoy the security and peace of mind that comes with having quality health coverage.
No Time to Waste
Too many American families entered the New Year with uncertainty, insecurity, and instability as a result of congressional Republicans&rsquo; refusal to extend critical unemployment insurance.
For 1.3 million Americans, this means less money to support their families, less to spend in their communities, and an even greater struggle to make ends meet.
According to the California Employment Development Department, an estimated 213,793 people in California &ndash; including
an estimated 4,204 San Franciscans
&ndash; lost their unemployment insurance coverage on December 28th. If Congress fails to extend the federal Emergency Unemployment Compensation program, an additional 325,800 people in California will lose their coverage in the first six months of 2014.
Neglecting to extend this vital lifeline to millions of workers is simply immoral &ndash; an abdication of our obligation to do what we can to support those who worked hard, played by the rules, and lost their jobs through no fault of their own.
What&rsquo;s more, unemployment insurance remains one of the most effective ways to quickly and immediately boost our economy and inject demand into our markets.
Indeed, every dollar invested in this initiative yields $1.52 in economic growth, and an extension of UI could produce as many as 300,000 jobs.
For the Americans affected by this Republican inaction, there&rsquo;s no time to waste.
The first item on Congress&rsquo; agenda in the New Year must be an extension of unemployment insurance.
That must be our priority on day one &ndash; as Democrats continue to advance an agenda focused on job creation, a stronger middle class, and responsible deficit reduction.
Please feel free to
forward this information to your family and friends . To learn more about these efforts, to express your views, or to sign up for email updates,
please visit my website . I am also on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/NancyPelosi .
best regards,
This mailing was prepared, published and mailed at taxpayer expense
Unsubscribe
Washington, DC
235 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4965
Map it!
District Office
90 7th Street, Suite 2-800
San Francisco, CA 94103
Phone: (415) 556-4862
Map it!
Click Here
to be removed from this list
