
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Congresswoman
Jackie Walorski
Representing the 2nd District
January 22, 2014
Dear
David,
It has been a privilege
representing Second District Hoosiers during my first year in
Congress.
I am grateful that my first piece of legislation was signed into
law right after Christmas to extend whistleblower protections
to military sexual assault victims.
This is a step
in the right direction for our servicemembers as we strive to
eradicate this horrific issue from the Armed
Forces.
Lawmakers returned to Washington to start
the Second Session of the 113th Congress on January
7 th .
Since then, I have been working on important legislation to
strengthen cybersecurity
on HealthCare.gov and rein in
overreaching EPA regulations
threatening affordable
energy
and job
creation.
After spending time at home with Hoosiers over the
holidays, I was pleased to catch up with many of you to hear your feedback and
concerns.
Please know that I will keep working hard to promote
economic growth and get Hoosiers back to work, and your input is
critical.
Moving forward, I encourage you to
drop me
a line
or
join staff office hours
to share
your thoughts.
Thanks for your time.
Keep reading to learn more about
my travels in the
district.
Have a great
week!
Sincerely,
Jackie
Walorski
Supporting Pediatric Reserach at the Autism
Learning Center
On Friday, I toured the LOGAN Autism
Learning Center in Granger to highlight the importance of the Gabriella
Miller Kid's First Research Act.
Joined by the LOGAN Center executives, staff, and Gene
Bensinger from Autism Speaks, it was a privilege to learn more about
the incredible services offered for those in need in our Hoosier
communities.
Last
December, the House passed the Kids First Research Act by a bipartisan vote
of 295-103 to direct $126 million in federal funding to pediatric
medical research.
The bill has been referred to the Senate but has
not been introduced or scheduled for a vote.
I am
hopeful the Senate will join the House to redirect this important funding
to help the LOGAN Center and many other organizations as they continue
to make a difference in our communities.
Autism Speaks supports the Kids First Research Act, in
addition to several other childrens advocacy associations including the
Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, the Leukemia and Lymphoma
Society, and the Childrens Hospital
Association.
Read more from the South Bend
Tribune.
Extending Whistleblower Protections for
Servicemembers
Right after Christmas, the
president signed my first piece of legislation into law to extend
whistleblower protections to military sexual assault victims.
According to a Pentagon report,
an
estimated 26,000
sexual assaults were committed in 2012 and only 3,600 were
reported.
My commonsense,
bipartisan bill will encourage reporting without fear of retribution to
help eradicate this horrific issue from our military.
While I am grateful to see this bill signed into
law during my first year representing Hoosiers in Washington, there is
still much work to be done to protect our men and women in
uniform.
As a member of the House Armed
Services Committee, I will keep a close eye on this issue to create a
safer environment in the Armed Forces.
Watch more from
WNDU.
Keeping Energy
Affordable
It's been a cold winter, and
Hoosiers remain concerned with the high cost of utility bills that heat
our homes and run our businesses.
That's why I co-sponsored
the
Electricity Security and
Affordability Act (H.R. 3826), a bipartisan bill to require the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) to set achievable standards for new coal-fired
power plants and support energy independence.
This bill was introduced in response to
sweeping EPA regulations that could effectively prohibit the creation of
new coal-fired power plants by setting impractical carbon capture and
storage standards for greenhouse gas
emissions.
The Electricity Security and
Affordability Act offers an alternative plan to make sure that any greenhouse gas
standards set for new coal-fired plants can also be achieved by
existing commercial power plants.
This approach provides balance,
allowing us to be good stewards of the environment while supporting
affordable energy independence on our shores.
Read more from the Peru
Tribune.
Exempting Hoosier Volunteer Firefighters and First Responders
from Obamacare's Employer Mandate
Last
night, I was grateful to stand with Plymouth Fire Chief Rodney Miller,
Mayor Mark Senter, and the Plymouth Fire Department to highlight
recent federal legislation that pressured the Administration to exempt
volunteer firefighters and emergency responders from Obamacares employer
mandate.
In December, I co-sponsored the Protecting
Volunteer Firefights and First Responders Act (H.R. 3685) to repeal this
unfair federal regulation that would cause Hoosiers to make tough choices
and threaten public safety.
Under pressure from Congress,
the U.S. Treasury announced on January 10th that they will soon be
issuing a final rule that will adopt the commonsense provisions of H.R.
3685 to exempt volunteers.
This is great news for our brave
volunteer firefighter and first responders.
Moving forward, I
plan to monitor this issue for volunteer and paid firefighters to ensure
they are protected from harmful provisions in Obamacare.
Watch
more from WNDU.
Strengthening Cybersecurity for
HealthCare.gov
HealthCare.gov is currently highly
susceptible to data breaches due to inadequate security.
In
fact, HHS officials admitted they did not perform a complete Security
Control Assessment before launching the online health care exchange on
October 1st.
Now as Americans attempt to enroll, they deserve to
know that their private information is protected.
I co-sponsored the Health Exchange Security
and Transparency Act (H.R. 3811) which requires the Department of
Health and Human Services (HHS) to notify individuals if their personally
identifiable information is stolen or unlawfully accessed through the
health care exchanges.
In a digital age,
cybersecurity is important to all consumers, and they deserve to be informed of
data breaches and identity theft.
The House of Representatives
passed this commonsense bill in early January, and I am hopeful the
Senate will bring this legislation to the floor for a
vote.
Read
more from the Elkhart
Truth.
Celebrating
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day in Elkhart
On Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, I enjoyed spending
time with some familiar faces at the Community Missionary Baptist
Church in Elkhart.
I was
impressed with the vibrant celebration and moving performances from our
young people who are destined to make a positive difference in our
communities.
On August 28, 1963,
Dr. King stood on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C.
and called for an end to racism, articulating his mission to deliver
freedom and equality to all Americans.
On MLK Day, we have an opportunity to think about new ways to
fulfill his vision and reach out to others in our
communities.
No gesture is too small.
Whether helping a neighbor or volunteering at church, I think we would all
agree that it is the little things that count as we strive to be kind,
fair, and gracious.
Read more from the Elkhart
Truth.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 