
Friday, December 13, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Damaging Defense Cuts
Friends-
This week, the House acted on two bills with significant impacts to our nation's military: the
National Defense Authorization Act
and a
budget plan
that halted additional, devastating defense cuts set to go into effect in the next two years. These bills, while far from perfect, restored much-needed
certainty and critical resources
to our nation's military.
As a Marine veteran, a member of Mississippi's National Guard, and a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I believe that my number one
constitutional responsibility
is providing for the defense of our nation. That is why I spent the last two years fighting against these devastating defense cuts - also know as sequestration - that are threatening our armed forces. Instead of taking equal cuts from domestic programs, or getting rid of waste, fraud and abuse, this Administration has insisted on taking
fifty percent
of sequestration cuts from defense
-
which makes up only
twenty percent
of the budget.
These cuts have
threatened our military communities
from Keesler Air Force Base and the Gulfport Combat Readiness Training Center to the Navy Construction Battalion and Camp Shelby. They affect the shipbuilding work so many in South Mississippi do in support of our warfighters. These cuts are the reason so many have faced furlough threats, and why the military has tried to find savings by cutting ROTC programs or shutting down commissaries.
These drastic cuts have bent our forces; further cuts could break our nation's defense.
Just this fall, we learned that more sequestration cuts could force the Department of Defense to lay off tens of thousands of troops and thousands of civilian workers. I've sat in meetings across from generals who've said continuing to cut our military in this way would make it
impossible to carry out our missions and properly defend our nation at home and abroad.
That is simply unacceptable. That is why I supported the budget plan that finally begins to relieve our military from some of these devastating cuts. It also cut spending by
$85 billion , and reduces the deficit by
$23 billion .
As always, I encourage you to connect with me using my
website ,
twitter , and
facebook .
In Your Service,
Congressman Steven Palazzo
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here