
December 21, 2013
Dear Friend,
As 2013 wraps up, you&rsquo;ll see year-in-review reports all over TV and in the newspapers. And as a District One constituent, you deserve the same from your representative. So today, I&rsquo;m reporting back to you with several highlights from the past year. After I took office in January, I got right to work on the priorities shared by folks across our large, diverse district:
creating jobs ,
boosting infrastructure
and
standing up for veterans . And I&rsquo;m pleased to report we&rsquo;ve had a productive year!
Feel free to share this eNewletter with family and friends in District One. Have a wonderful holiday season, and I look forward to hearing from you in 2014!
Warm regards,
Ann Kirkpatrick U.S. Representative, Arizona District One
P.S. If you prefer not to receive updates about Arizona District One,
click here to unsubscribe .
Getting Results for Our District
&lsquo;Two Kirkpatrick bills pass House in two days&rsquo;:
In June, the House of Representatives passed two of my bills in two consecutive workdays. One bill was my bipartisan VA CORE legislation
to help reduce the substantial VA claims backlog that is affecting too many of our veterans. The other was my bill with
Congressman Paul Gosar
to correct a decades-old surveyor error that placed private properties inside U.S. Forest Service boundaries, creating legal limbo and financial hardship for property owners. Here&rsquo;s
The Republic&rsquo;s
full
story:
&lsquo;Two Kirkpatrick bills pass House in two days&rsquo;
Rebuilding U.S. 89 after collapse :
In February, a critical stretch of
U.S. Highway 89
in northern Arizona collapsed and was closed. This highway connects communities, school-bus routes and first-responder routes in our district, so I wrote a
letter to the U.S. Department of Transportation
to push for emergency funds to help ADOT assess and repair the damage. The $2 million in emergency funding was approved, and by May a $35 million emergency relief grant was secured. As shown in the photo above, I was able to tour the U.S. 89 landslide site with ADOT officials to see firsthand how the closure impacts local and tribal communities and also see the work that is underway. Read an
Arizona Republic
story about my tour
here .
Protecting women and families:
I cosponsored and fought for the reauthorization of the
Violence Against Women Act ,
which was signed into law in March
and strengthens our ability to protect victims and hold perpetrators accountable. This was important for women everywhere, and particularly for Native American women who suffer from higher rates of domestic violence. Just before voting, I spoke on the
House floor
about the bill&rsquo;s importance to District One, which is 25 percent Native American.
Boosting infrastructure across District One:
Throughout the year, I have fought for our rural towns to ensure they have the tools to strengthen important infrastructure, create jobs and stabilize local economies. I&rsquo;m pleased that we were able to secure more than $2.5 million in grants for regional airports in
Safford, Show Low, Taylor, Holbrook, San Manuel, Eloy, Grand Canyon National Park, and Flagstaff . I&rsquo;ve also been able to announce grants throughout the year for other efforts such as tribal highway safety initiatives, STEM programs at our local schools and universities, a Winslow Levee feasibility study, national park education programs, and more.
$1 million+ in casework savings and benefits:
Casework is one of the most direct ways our offices can help the people of District One. So in October, I was pleased to announce that
my district offices had surpassed the $1 million mark in savings and benefits
from resolving constituent cases. My caseworkers help people resolve problems and navigate federal issues including veterans&rsquo; benefits, foreclosure prevention, Social Security, passports and visas. By far, the top category of casework is veterans&rsquo; issues.
Jobs &amp; Economic Development
Town hall in the Copper Corridor:
In August, Rep. Paul Gosar and I hosted a
joint town hall in Superior,
as shown in the photo above, to discuss our legislation to revive the
Superior Mine project
and bring thousands of jobs to
Arizona&rsquo;s Copper Corridor . We introduced the Southeast Arizona Land Exchange and Conservation Act ( HR 687 ) in February. Since then, it has passed the House Natural Resources Committee, and its companion bill in the Senate has also had a committee hearing. We continue to work toward final passage of this important jobs legislation. Don&rsquo;t miss
The Arizona Republic&rsquo;s editorial
in support of our efforts.
Momentum in Pinal County:
In November, I joined Congressman Paul Gosar, Casa Grande Mayor Bob Jackson, PhoenixMart President Jeremy Schoenfelder and other leaders, as shown in the photo above, for the groundbreaking for construction of PhoenixMart global commerce center in
Casa Grande . Between construction and staffing, PhoenixMart will bring an estimated 9,000 jobs to the area. With a focus on domestically made products, PhoenixMart aims to promote small- and medium-sized businesses to help them compete globally. I was pleased that my office and I could work together with local officials to help clear away red tape and make this day a reality. Don&rsquo;t miss
this Casa Grande Dispatch story
about the event.
Protecting history, boosting economy:
I introduced legislation to expand the boundaries of the
Casa Grande Ruins National Monument , a national treasure right here in District One, and I spoke at an event at the site, as shown in the photo above, to help inform residents and local officials. These ruins are important to
Pinal County
both historically and economically. This bill has bipartisan cosponsors (Arizona Reps. Gosar, Pastor and Grijalva) and the support of Pinal County officials and residents as well as archaeologists and parks organizations. I also joined Congressmen Barber and Grijalva on a bill that would expand the boundaries of the
Saguaro National Park
in Southern Arizona. Protecting both of these Arizona treasures will help ensure they are thriving destinations and economic drivers for generations to come. Read more in
this Coolidge Examiner story .
Supporting a revitalized timber industry:
In August, I toured the
Eagar Sawmill , as shown in the photo above. The sawmill is contributing to the local economy in the White Mountains. The facility had its grand opening in late May, attracting people from all over the country who wanted to see this pilot mill in action. Over the summer, I also urged BIA Assistant Secretary Kevin Washburn to approve a lease that would clear the way for the
Fort Apache Timber Co. sawmill
in
Whiteriver
to receive a $10 million loan so it could reopen -- and in September, I was pleased to announce its reopening! The funding will provide working capital, support the repair and replacement of equipment, and rebuild the log deck -- and it's expected to create about 185 jobs. Here&rsquo;s a
White Mountain Independent item
about my tour in Eagar:
Standing up for Veterans
Fighting to cut the VA backlog :
As the Ranking Member of the Veterans&rsquo; Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, I have been pushing the VA for answers about the massive claims backlog that is affecting too many of our veterans. Delayed care is denied care, and veterans deserve better. That&rsquo;s why I was so glad that my first piece of legislation to pass the 113 th
Congress was
VA CORE , which helps tackle the
backlog. In the photo above, I met with veterans at the VFW post in Marana to discuss VA CORE and how it can help.
Helping rural veterans access mental health care:
In November, I introduced
a bill that would strengthen mental health services for rural veterans and their families . About 6.1 million veterans live in rural communities, according to federal estimates. And our mostly rural district has more than 65,000 veterans. Simply because of where they live, these veterans may lack access to quality mental healthcare through VA.
Veteran nursing homes on tribal land:
Arizona has more than 10,000 Native American veterans -- but not a single veteran nursing home on tribal land. A recent effort to build a veteran nursing home on the
Navajo Nation
failed because of a simple oversight in federal law: Construction on tribal land is ineligible for the VA construction reimbursements and grants that support projects on land owned by states, territories or the federal government. So I&rsquo;ve introduced a
bipartisan bill
to fix that oversight. Tribal communities are often in remote areas and provide a unique cultural support system, so it&rsquo;s important to keep these veterans near their families. Don&rsquo;t miss
my op-ed in the Maricopa Monitor
about this and other veteran issues.
Honoring Code Talkers for their service:
In November, I joined tribal leaders, military leaders and colleagues at a ceremony in the U.S. Capitol to present Native American code talkers with the
Congressional Gold Medal . The
Hopi
(as shown in photo),
White Mountain Apache
and
Tonto Apache
tribes from Arizona were among those honored. Navajo code talkers received this honor in 2000.
More photo highlights - 2013
In August, I had the honor of participating in the Change of Command ceremony at
Camp Navajo , as shown in the photo, a facility that has had a positive impact on Northern Arizona since 1942. I spoke at the ceremony about my VA CORE legislation to tackle the backlog and about my veteran caseworker&rsquo;s efforts here in Arizona.
In August, I hosted community forums in
Saddlebrooke,
as
seen in the
photo above, and in
Sedona
to discuss the need to protect Medicare and
Social Security. I told constituents I would fight to protect these programs.
I oppose any efforts to voucherize Medicare, and I oppose using the
so-called &ldquo;chained CPI&rdquo; formula to calculate cost of living for Social Security.
In September, I joined Pinal County veterans and Coolidge city officials, as shown in the photo above, to present Vietnam War veteran Oscar Rodriguez with a flag that was flown over the U.S. Capitol. Oscar has turned his front yard into an inspiring memorial for Arizona servicemen and women.
Last spring, I visited with schoolchildren at Tsin&rsquo;naabaas Hwabiteen
Elementary School in Bodaway-Gap to read to these students and talk with them about the importance of education.
In June, Purina workers gave me a tour and showed me some of the
latest innovations at their plant in Flagstaff, including the addition of
1,900 solar panels in recent years.
In May, I went on a small-business tour in Sedona to visit some of the
local operations that contribute to our economy such as Pink Jeep
Tours, where Chris Davis is the guide manager.
In August, I spoke
about the economic recovery
with many folks at
a
Show Low
job fair hosted by Goodwill Industries. About 20 employers participated. In
Pima County,
I participated in a job fair that featured
40 employers and more than 300 job seekers.
In July, former Arizona Senator Jon Kyl, trible leaders and I met in DC to
see the final agreement signed to enact the White Mountain Apache
Water Rights Quantification Act. In my previous term, I worked across
the aisle with Sen. Kyl on this act, which ends decades of legal battles
over rights to water from the Little Colorado and Gila rivers.
Honeywell employees at the Southern Arizona facility met with me in May to discuss their work and innovation efforts. Honeywell employs more
than 700 workers in the Tucson region.
###
District offices
If you need assistance with a federal matter, please contact our nearest district office:
Flagstaff:
928-213-9977; 405 N. Beaver Street, Suite 6, Flagstaff 86001
Casa Grande:
520-316-0839; 211 N. Florence St., Suite 1, Casa Grande 85122
Marana:
520-382-2663; 11555 W. Civic Center Drive #104A, Marana 85653
Show Low:
928-537-5657; 550 N. 9 th
Place, Show Low 85901
Globe:
928-425-3231; 1400 East Ash, Globe 85501
Stay connected
Website:
kirkpatrick.house.gov
Facebook:
facebook.com/RepKirkpatrick
Twitter:
twitter.com/RepKirkpatrick
YouTube:
youtube.com/RepAnnKirkpatrick
How to unsubscribe: If you prefer not to receive updates about Arizona District One,
click here to unsubscribe .
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
330 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3361
Flagstaff
405 N Beaver Street, Suite 6
Flagstaff, AZ 86001
(928) 213-9977
Casa Grande
211 North Florence St., Suite 1
Casa Grande, AZ 85122
(520) 316-0839
Globe
1400 East Ash
Globe, AZ 85501
(928) 425-3231
Marana
11555 W. Civic
Center Drive #104A
Marana, AZ 85653
(520) 382-2663
Show Low
550 N 9th Place
Show Low, AZ
85901
(928) 537-5657
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscrib
