
Jan
17
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
As the Senate this week continued debate on the temporary extension of long-term unemployment benefits, I joined several Senate colleagues in putting a
compromise
proposal on the table that would pay for a 3-month continuation of jobless benefits and repeal the unfair cuts to military pensions that were included in last month's budget deal - which I opposed. Our proposal also provides a starting point for future reforms of benefits programs by ending "double dipping" of unemployment insurance benefits and Social Security disability benefits.
I was disappointed that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) rejected our common sense proposal and refused to allow fair votes on Republican amendments - including an
alternative amendment
I introduced that would have paid for a three-month extension of jobless benefits and fixed the military pension issue. My proposal would end an abuse of the tax code identified by the Treasury Department Inspector General and several investigations by news outlets by requiring those claiming the Additional Child Tax Credit to have a Social Security Number. I'm continuing to work with my colleagues to solve this problem by advancing a fiscally responsible solution that both parties can support. On Thursday, I helped
introduce
the Responsible Unemployment Compensation Extension Act. This is a good faith effort to pay for a temporary extension of long-term unemployment insurance and reverse unfair military retiree cuts, and there's no reason it shouldn't get a vote on the Senate floor.
Also this week, you may have seen that the Senate approved an appropriations bill that funds the government through the remainder of Fiscal Year 2014. On Wednesday, I joined with Senator Shaheen and my Senate colleagues from Maine in
announcing
that the legislation included good news for the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard - $11.5 million in funding for military construction at the shipyard and the procurement of two Virginia-class submarines. The New Hampshire and Maine delegations work together to advocate for the outstanding workers at Portsmouth, and this funding reflects the shipyard's importance to our Navy and our national defense.
While I was pleased that the appropriations bill reversed military pension cuts for those who are medically retired from the military and military survivors, I remain deeply concerned that pension cuts haven't been repealed for all military retirees and I'm continuing to fight for a full repeal of these unfair cuts. I will continue to push for a vote on my proposal to fix the pension issue and reduce the deficit by ending fraud in the tax code.
On Thursday, the Senate Intelligence Committee released a new report confirming that terrorists affiliated with Al Qaeda participated in the attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, which directly contradicts the Administration's assertions immediately following the attacks. The report also faults the State Department for failing to take steps to increase security and protect U.S. personnel in Benghazi, despite repeated warnings from the intelligence community. These failures are inexcusable, and there must be accountability at the State Department. Most tragic, the Administration appears to be no closer to capturing and bringing to justice the terrorists who committed this heinous act. That is unacceptable to the families of those who were killed - and the Administration must make good on its pledge to apprehend those responsible for the attack.
Please see below for additional updates from my office, including good news for New Hampshire's air travelers. Have a good weekend -- and GO PATS!
VIDEO: A Responsible Way to Pay for Temporary Extension of Jobless Benefits, Fully Repeal Military Retiree Cuts
NH Delegation: Public Should See Alternatives to Proposed Northern Pass Route
New Hampshire's congressional delegation this week called on the Department of Energy (DOE) to "provide the public with a preliminary report detailing which alternative routes will be studied" as part of the future Environmental Impact Study (EIS) that is currently being drafted for the proposed Northern Pass project.
"As we have previously emphasized, it is of the utmost importance that New Hampshire citizens are provided an opportunity to have input on a thorough, transparent, and effective EIS study," the New Hampshire delegation wrote. "Given the public's immense interest in studying alternatives, we are compelled to emphasize and renew our request that DOE provide a preliminary report detailing which alternatives will be studied, and that this report is made public prior to the completion of the draft EIS study."
Read the letter
here .
Portsmouth Herald : New Air Force Refueling Tanker Appears On Schedule
New Air Force Refueling Tanker Appears on Schedule
By Joey Cresta,
Portsmouth Herald
January 17, 2014
PORTSMOUTH - The office of U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte provided an update Thursday on the delivery of the KC-46A air refueling tanker to the Pease Air National Guard Base.
At a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing Thursday, Ayotte, R-N.H., requested a status update on the next-generation tanker. Pending an environmental study, Pease is expected to receive 12 KC-46A aircraft beginning in fiscal year 2018. Pease, home to the 157th Air Refueling Wing, will be the first Air National Guard unit to receive the KC-46A.
Dr. William LaPlante Jr., nominated to be assistant secretary of the Air Force for acquisition, told Ayotte the Air Force is on track to begin the first flight of the KC-46A later this year and all indications are the program is going well. He also confirmed a critical design review was completed ahead of schedule and that the training simulator came in about $250 million under an independent cost estimate.
"That's music to my ears," Ayotte said.
Read more.
Manchester Airport Retains American Airlines Flights to Nation's Capital
Senator Ayotte, who serves as the top Republican on the Senate Commerce Subcommittee on Aviation, said today that American Airlines'
decision
to retain flights between Manchester-Boston Regional Airport (MHT) and Reagan National Airport in Washington (DCA) is good news for New Hampshire's air travelers.
With MHT in danger of losing flights to DCA as a result of the pending American Airlines-U.S. Airways merger, Ayotte made the case for Manchester in a
letter
last summer to the Department of Transportation and the Department of Justice. Joining with Senators Roy Blunt (R-MO) and Deb Fischer (R-NE), she expressed concern that flight divestiture stood to diminish consumer choice for those living in or near small and medium-sized markets.
Pork Watch: Continuing Efforts to Eliminate Wasteful Conference Spending
During a Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing on Tuesday, Senator Ayotte continued her call for tough oversight and restrictions to prevent wasteful spending on conferences and travel across federal agencies. She questioned Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Deputy Director for Management, Beth Cobert, about how Congress can ensure that federal agencies are held accountable to taxpayers.
"While federal spending on conferences has fallen in the wake of conference scandals, continued oversight is necessary to ensure that reforms are taking hold and wasteful spending is eliminated in all federal agencies," said Ayotte, who is cosponsoring legislation that restricts federal spending on conferences and travel. "We must change the culture that led to this irresponsible spending and put in place permanent transparency and accountability reforms to ensure that taxpayer dollars spent on conferences and travel are spent wisely. "
Photo of the Week
Senator Ayotte met this week with Tom Minkler of Keene ( center ), president of the Independent Insurance Agents &amp; Brokers of America, and fellow members of the association.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
