
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
DISTRICT
CONTACT
RESOURCES
November 24, 2013
Protecting Habitat for
Humanity
This week, I introduced bipartisan
legislation with Congresswoman Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV), Congressman
Patrick E. Murphy (D-FL), and Congressman G. K. Butterfield (D-NC) to
protect the important work of Habitat for Humanity.
When
the 111th Congress passed Dodd-Frank, the bill included dozens of new
rules and requirements for mortgage providers nationwide.
Unfortunately, this legislation makes Habitat for Humanity, which has a proven
model of success in providing affordable mortgages to low-income
families, subject to the same compliance regulations as big banks, credit
unions and other traditional mortgage providers.
Most Habitat affiliates have very small mortgage portfolios and
volunteer staff who just want to help their communities and ensure that
their fellow citizens have homes of their own. These community-based
organizations are forced to divert significant time and money toward
complying with Dodd-Franks requirements.
The bipartisan
Protecting Habitat Homeownership Act provides Habitat, and other nonprofits
providing responsible low-income homeownership opportunities, with a
targeted exemption from certain mortgage, servicing, and appraisal
requirements so they can focus on doing what they do best: working with
their communities to build houses for families.
Click here to read the
Hendersonville Times-News
article about this legislation .
Obamacare Alternative: American Health Care Reform
Act
Click here to watch my speech on the House floor .
On
Tuesday evening, I spoke on the House floor to encourage my
colleagues to support the
Republican Study Committee's
American Health Care Reform Act . Now with more than 100 co-sponsors, this
legislation:
Fully repeals President Obama's
health care law, eliminating billions in taxes and thousands of pages of
unworkable regulations and mandates that are driving up health care
costs.
Spurs competition to lower health care
costs by allowing Americans to purchase health insurance across state
lines and enabling small businesses to pool together and get the same
buying power as large
corporations.
Reforms medical malpractice laws in a commonsense way that limits trial
lawyer fees and non-economic damages while maintaining strong protections
for patients.
Provides tax reform that
allows families and individuals to deduct health care costs, just like
companies, leveling the playing field and providing all Americans with
a standard deduction for health
insurance.
Expands access to Health Savings Accounts (HSAs), increasing the
amount of pre-tax dollars individuals can deposit into portable savings
accounts to be used for health care
expenses.
Safeguards individuals with pre-existing conditions from being
discriminated against purchasing health insurance by bolstering state-based
high risk pools and extending HIPAA guaranteed availability
protections.
Protects the unborn by ensuring no
federal funding of abortions.
House Republicans remain
committed to finding real solutions for the serious problems in our
nation's health care system while protecting patient-centered care and
lowering costs.
Recently
Co-Sponsored Legislation
H.
Res. 147
Calls for the release of United States citizen
Pastor Saeed Abedini and condemns the Government of Iran for its
persecution of religious minorities. Passed through the Foreign Affairs
Committee with my support.
H.R. 2250
Spending
Reduction Act : Requires the head of each executive agency to submit
a report on the implementation of Government Accountability Office
reports on reducing duplication, achieving savings, and enhancing revenue
within the Federal Government.
H.R. 3539
Adoption Promotion Act : Ensures that women who receive pregnancy
counseling under the Title X family planning program are given
counseling, which includes adoption counseling by licensed
professionals.
H.R. 3558
Textile Enforcement and Security
Act : Protects U.S. textile jobs by providing U.S. Customs and
Border Protection (CBP) with more tools to enforce trade laws and better
target fraudulent textile and apparel goods coming into the United
States.
Deal with Iran
An agreement was
finalized this weekend between Iran and six world powers, including the
United States. While I am optimistic that progress is being made, I have
concerns that this agreement does not do enough to curtail Iran's
nuclear capabilities. I will work closely with my colleagues on the Foreign
Affairs Committee to investigate this agreement and make sure the
safety of the United States and our allies remains the top
priority.
Washington D.C.
1516
Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 2022256401
hours: M-F
9-5:00pm
Caldwell Office
2345
Morganton Blvd.
Lenoir, NC 28645
phone: 8284268701
hours: M-F
9-5:00pm
Haywood
Office
285 N. Main
St.
Waynesville, NC 28786
phone: 8284526022
hours: M,W,F
9-5:00pm
Henderson Office
200 N. Grove
Street
Suite 90
Hendersonville, NC 28792
phone:
8286935660
hours: M-F 9-5:00pm
Mitchell
Office
11 Crystal Street
Spruce Pine, NC 28777
phone:
8287650573
hours: M,T,W,F 9-5:00pm
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
