DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Service Academy Nominations for the
Class of 2018
I am proud to nominate these twenty-six outstanding men and women to represent the Fourth District of Kansas at our nations service academies.
This years applicants are all so talented. To have received the Boards nomination is a worthy accomplishment.
These young people are a part of the future of our nations military and the future of our national security and I wish them all the best.
--Congressman Pompeo
Click here
to view the
Service Academy Press Release
Veterans Day
Celebration:
This year I had the opportunity, along with Chairman Rogers, to participate and speak at the Alefs Harley Davidson Veterans Day Celebration. God Bless our veterans!
Click here
to watch.
Service Academy Advisory Board Members:
Each year my volunteer advisory board interviews and recommends outstanding students for nominations to a service academy. I'm so thankful for their service!
Click here
to see photos.
McConnell
Air Force Base
McConnell should be home to the new KC46-A tankers.
WSU Freshman
Hannah Robinson
A local student's thoughts on civic engagement.
Kansas Farmer
Derek Klingenberg
This hilarious song asks,
"What does a farmer say?"
MARK YOUR CALENDARS!
Please click the links below for more information!
Let It Snow - New Dome Show!
Enjoy the show from November 23rd through December 29th at the Exploration Place. This fun family show will put you in the seasonal mood!
CLICK HERE FOR MORE INFORMATION
2014 SANTA SHUFFLE
Celebrate the holiday season by joining the 1st Annual Santa Shuffle! You won't want to miss this 5k event at the Sedgwick County Park on December 14th, 2013 at 9:30am.
CLICK HERE FOR MORE INFORMATION
Winfield Isle of Lights
Enjoy the mile long drive-through extravaganza! Visit the event from November 17th through December 30th from 6:00pm to 10:00pm at Island Park, located at 300 N. Main St.
CLICK HERE FOR MORE INFORMATION
Art Start: Painting with Air?
Please join the Wichita Art Museum every Tuesday of every month for an educational program for preschoolers ages 3-5. On December 10th come learn to Paint with Air! Children can learn a new theme related to how works of art in the museum's collection are made!
CLICK HERE FOR MORE INFORMATION
Let us know what is going on in your community!
Click here
to email me
the name, date, time and location of your next big event! If space allows and the publication schedule works, we're happy to feature it!
As your Congressman, it is my goal to keep you updated and informed.
I hope you find Kansas Connection informative and you will share with your family and friends.
Regards,
If you wish to contact me, please do so at http://pompeo.house.gov. Please DO NOT reply to this message.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here