
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
December 01, 2013
Friends,
Last
weekend, President Obama and the administration reached an agreement with
Iran on its nuclear program. While I certainly believe that diplomacy is
the preferred method to negotiate with Iran, this deal is shameful. It
undermines our diplomatic goal to reach an agreement that permanently
halts Irans uranium enrichment program.
Any deal must
include swift and decisive action that forces Iran to completely abandon its
crusade to acquire nuclear weapons.
The negotiated agreement
falls far short and allows an untrustworthy regime to maintain the
tools and materials necessary to implement nuclear weapons, putting our
nation and our allies at risk.
This shortsighted
deal guarantees no new penalties on Iran for the next six months and
relieves numerous existing sanctions, reducing our leverage in exchange
for a mere temporary delay to Irans nuclear weapons capability.
Further, the agreement allows Iran President Hassan Rouhani and his regime to
operate centrifuges and to continue uranium enrichment levels at 5
percent. Recognizing Irans decision to continue pursuing nuclear
technology gives this dishonest regime the ability to rapidly enrich uranium
to levels needed for a nuclear arsenal in a short period of time. We
must not give a dangerous regime with a penchant for terrorism and
extremism the capability to build a weapon before the world can react.
A nuclear equipped Iran is the most dangerous threat to Israel
and the stability of the Middle East.
The
United States occupies a unique place in the world that allows us to
advocate for peace, democracy and freedom. This position is backed by our
commitment to these principles at home, but is also tied to our
ability to take a leadership role through the use of our economic,
political and military power. Negotiations like this require serious
discussions about our policy in the Middle East, not a unilateral decision by
President Obama and his administration that weakens our national
security and threatens our allies. Our ability to maintain peace in the
region hinges on our ability to dismantle Irans nuclear arsenal.
We have made tremendous strides forward in bringing Iran to the
negotiating table, thanks in part to the very sanctions that the
administration is trying to eliminate.
Reducing sanctions now merely
rewards bad behavior and fundamentally halts the progress weve
made.
This bad deal offers concessions to a regime that we
should not tolerate, consequently withdrawing vital diplomatic influence
from this region.
Instead of reducing our influence and
taking steps backward, we must pursue every avenue to ensure that Iran does
not engage in nuclear proliferation and, most importantly, does not
fully develop nuclear weapons.
The only suitable agreement is
one that indefinitely ends the Iranian uranium enrichment program and
tightens economic sanctions.
In August, I
co-sponsored the
Nuclear Iran Prevention Act of 2013
(H.R. 850), a
broad, bipartisan bill supported by 400 House lawmakers that provides a
strong framework of sanctions. We must keep the pressure on Iran and
this bill is a good starting point. I hope my colleagues in the Senate
will act swiftly to implement this bipartisan bill. Our nation faces a
serious challenge in ensuring the security of our homeland, Israel and
our allies, and I am committed to working with my colleagues to hold
bad actors like Iran accountable.
Until next
week,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
