
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
December 19, 2013
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Senator Harry Reid
Putting Nevada
First
Dear Fellow
Nevadan,
Earlier this month, I was back in the Silver
State attending events and hearing from Nevadans like you. I joined
several community sponsors in hosting events that provided Nevadans with
information and hands-on health insurance enrollment in Nevada Health
Link. I was honored to participate in a Nevada Air National Guard Combat
Action Medal pinning for eight heroes, and enjoyed visiting Walter
Bracken Elementary School in Las Vegas with U.S. Secretary of Education
Arne Duncan.
This week, the Senate passed a bipartisan
budget agreement that will roll back the painful and arbitrary cuts of the
sequester and prevent another dangerous government shutdown in the New
Year. Neither side got everything it wanted in these negotiations,
and there is more work to be done. I believe that we must have an
extension of emergency unemployment insurance and it should have been
included in this package. I am committed to continuing to pushing for an
extension of unemployment insurance, as well as an increase in the
minimum wage, as soon as the Senate convenes after the New
Year.
As 2013 comes to a close, I remind you that the deadline to enroll in
a health insurance plan for coverage starting on January 1, 2014
through Nevadas state-run health insurance marketplace, Nevada Health
Link, is Monday, December 23 rd . For more information or to
enroll, please visit
NevadaHealthLink.com , or en
Espaol,
enlacedeseguromediconevada.com .
Thank you for taking the time to read this email. To learn more about
my work in the Senate on behalf of Nevadans or to contact me, please
visit
reid.senate.gov , or connect with me on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
HARRY REID
U.S. Senator for
Nevada
Insuring Healthy Futures for Nevadans
This past month, I cosponsored a number
of events on the Affordable Care Act that provided information and
hands-on enrollment to constituents in Southern Nevada. We kicked off our
Insuring Healthy Futures
series with an event at UNLV
focusing on women and students. As a result of the law, women are no
longer considered a pre-existing condition and students can stay on
their parents insurance until they are 26 or have affordable options for
health care. We also hosted informational events for the
business and LGBT communities that brought national and local experts to
answer questions on the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. I also
partnered with Congresswoman Dina Titus, Congressman Steven Horsford,
and other community leaders at the Pearson Community Center to
discuss the new health insurance options and financial help available to
them through
Nevada Health Link .
Honoring Nevadas Heroes
On Thursday, December 5 th , I was honored
to attend the Combat Action Medal pinning ceremony for eight Nevada Air
National Guard members who helped fend off an attack to Bagram
Airfield in Afghanistan on February 22, 2002. The fight lasted for about an
hour and involved thousands of rounds of mortar and small arms fire
coming from the mountains surrounding the base. The Air Force Combat
Action Medal did not come easily for these brave men who are members of
the Nevada Air National Guards 152 nd
Security Forces
Squadron. After years of bureaucratic delays, Senior Master Sgt. Michael Del
Soldato of Sparks contacted my Reno office for assistance. I was able
to work with the Air Force to get the medals approved for these eight
heroes who have honored Nevada and our
country.
A Visit from U.S. Secretary of Education
Arne Duncan
On Wednesday, December
4 th , I joined U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan in
visiting Walter Bracken Elementary School. This school is a S.T.E.A.M.
magnet school with an emphasis on Science, Tech, Engineering, Math
and the Arts that is recognized as one of Nevada's three National Blue
Ribbon Schools. Secretary Duncan and I met with CCSD Superintendent Pat
Skorkowsky, CCSD Board of Trustee President Carolyn Edwards, and
Bracken Principal Katie Decker. I especially enjoyed stopping by a Bracken
classroom to meet teacher Michelle Wheatfill and her 26 fifth-grade
students.
Photo credit:
Sam Morris/Las Vegas Sun
Act Fast! The Deadline
to Get Health Insurance Coverage
Starting on January 1 st
is
Monday, December 23 rd
If you enroll in
a health insurance plan through Nevada Health Link, Nevadas state-run
health insurance marketplace, by Monday, December 23 rd
your health insurance coverage will begin on January 1 st . To
compare different private health insurance plans based on your
individual needs or to enroll, go to
NevadaHealthLink.com , or Espaol,
enlacedeseguromediconevada.com .
Low-cost plans and financial help are available on Nevada Health Link,
and many people will be eligible for a new tax credit they use right
away to lower monthly premium costs.
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter Share on
LinkedIn Share on MySpace Share on
Digg
Share the Reid
Report with
a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
Office
Locations
Las Vegas
Lloyd D.
George Building
333 Las Vegas Boulevard South
Suite
8016
Las Vegas, NV 89101
Phone: 702-388-5020
Fax:
702-388-5030
Reno
Bruce R.
Thompson Courthouse
and Federal Building
400 South Virginia
Street
Suite 902
Reno, NV 89501
Phone: 775-686-5750
Fax:
775-686-5757
Carson
City
600 East William Street
#304
Carson City, NV 89701
Phone: 775-882-REID (7343)
Fax: 775-883-1980
Washington
522 Hart Senate Office Building - Washington, DC 20510
Phone: 202-224-3542 - Fax: 202-224-7327
Toll Free for Nevadans:
1-866-SEN-REID (736-7343)
Restricted to calls originating from area
codes 775 and 702
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
