 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Kansas Listening Tour
MARSHALL COUNTY
Friday, Dec. 27 at 8:30 a.m.
The Weaver Hotel
Waterville
GEARY COUNTY
Saturday, Dec. 28 at 8:30 a.m.
Stacy's Restaurant
Grandview Plaza
TREGO COUNTY
Tuesday, Dec. 31 at 10:30 a.m.
Western Cooperative Electric
WaKeeney
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ___
Kansas Common Sense
December 23, 2013
Dear Friend,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." I hope you and your family enjoy this
holiday season. I send you my best wishes for the year ahead and wish
you a very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. I hope the new year
brings a Congress better capable of working together for the well-being
of our nation. Thank you for your continued interest in receiving my
weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to your family and
friends if it would interest them.
Video: Kansas Listening Tour
As your U.S. Senator, I am committed to listening to Kansans and making
certain your commonsense voices are heard in our nation's Capital.
Whether I am at the grocery store, attending church, or filling the
tank with gas, the conversations I have with Kansans matter to me and
impact the work I do on your behalf. I encourage you to watch the video
below, which highlights my 1000th Town Hall
Meeting in Marion.
The reality is I enjoy hosting town hall
meetings-I think this is the way Democracy should work. Much of what I
know and the issues I focus on in our nation's capital are based on
conversations I have with Kansans. I very much appreciate the judgment
and common sense I garner from town hall meetings. Thanks to all who
joined me in Marion, and I hope to see many of you at one of my
upcoming Listening Tour Stops which are listed in the sidebar of this
newsletter.
Ryan-Murray Budget Plan Passes Senate
On Wednesday, the Senate passed H.J. Res 59, known as the Ryan-Murray
budget resolution, by a vote of 64-36. This officially set top-line
budgetary levels for the next two fiscal years.
I voted against passage of the budget plan, because it falls far short
of making the meaningful spending reforms we need to address our
out-of-control debt and deficits. In classic Washington fashion, this
legislation trades real spending increases now - a $63 billion increase
over two years - for modest reductions in mandatory spending nearly one
decade from now. Furthermore, the spending increases are partially paid
for by decreasing military retiree benefits, including benefits to
wounded warriors. We must do better for our men and women in uniform -
who have already sacrificed so much - rather than place the burden of
spending hikes on their backs.
With our national debt continuing to soar to unprecedented levels, it
is disappointing to see business-as-usual in Washington commended as
progress. According to a report released Tuesday from the nonpartisan
Congressional Budget Office, Social Security trust funds will be
entirely exhausted by 2031 - less than one decade after the Ryan-Murray
budget deal finally achieves deficit reduction of approximately $23
billion. Unfortunately, with unfunded liabilities for Social Security
and Medicare exceeding $100 trillion, these cuts will do very little to
address the real cause of our debt problems. The longer we postpone
meaningful, responsible changes to fiscal policy, the more harm we do
to the ability of future generations to enjoy our way of life and
pursue the American Dream. Click here
to read more about my vote.
Ft. Riley Soldiers Killed in Afghanistan
This week our Nation lost six heroes based at Ft. Riley, Kansas, killed
in a helicopter incident in Afghanistan. Our country is forever
indebted to these young men for their service and sacrifice. They were
committed to preserving the freedoms and liberties guaranteed to us by
our Constitution, and making certain every American has the opportunity
to pursue what we all call the American Dream.
I'm grateful for the blessings these brave men afforded us with their
service to our country, and paid tribute to them in the Senate to offer
respect and honor as they laid down their lives for our freedom. In
just a few short days, families will gather around dining room tables
across our nation to celebrate the holidays. In the instance of these
six families, there will be an empty chair at the Christmas table. For
those of us who are Christians, we celebrate Christmas as the arrival
of the Prince of Peace, and I would ask that we have peace in our land,
peace in our world, and no more wars. And I would ask that these
families find peace knowing that their son, their husband, their father
- they sacrificed for something more important than life itself; they
sacrificed for others. May they find peace in knowing what worthy lives
their loved ones lived.
We thank God for giving us these heroes, and remain committed to
preserving this nation for the sake of the next generation. We are
indebted to members of our military to do nothing less. May God bless
our servicemen and women, our veterans, and the country we all love -
the United States of America. Click here
to watch my remarks on the Senate floor
in tribute to these soldiers.
National Defense Authorization Act
The Senate passed the National Defense Authorization Act for 2014 this
week. Two amendments I offered, to assess the threat of the terrorist
group Al-Shabab and to protect the National Guard in carrying out cyber
missions, were included in the final bill. Al-Shabab is a terrorist
group based in Somalia that is responsible for smuggling, pirating, and
the deadly attack on the Nairobi, Kenya, shopping mall in September
that killed 61 civilians and six Kenyan soldiers. The group poses a
significant threat to American troops in the region, including soldiers
from Ft. Riley, and there is reason to believe Al-Shabab is raising
funds through networks in the United States. It's imperative that we
adequately assess the risk this U.S. designated foreign terrorist
organization poses both domestically and to Americans serving in the
region.
Cyber operations will be vital to our nation's security in the 21st
century. My other included amendment will halt, and likely prevent,
cuts to the 177th Information Aggressor Squadron based at McConnell Air
Force Base in Wichita, which is one of only two National Guard unties
executing the critical information aggressor mission focused on cyber
security, information operations, and cyber intelligence. The 177th is
critical not only to Kansas National Guardsman, but also as a national
security asset for the Department of Defense (DoD) and other
organizations that require cyber mission support. It is vital that DoD
protect against the unintended loss of a one-of-a-kind asset and
prevent a reduction in personnel from being implemented.
Administration Fails to Answer Questions on Cost of Implementing
Obamacare
The Obama Administration continues to refuse to provide straightforward
answers to my questions about the costs of implementing the Affordable
Care Act (ACA) health insurance Exchange. Seven weeks after I - as
Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor,
Health and Human Services and Education - requested answers from the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) on the cost of the
failed Obamacare roll out, the Department responded with vague and
incomplete answers to appropriate questions including how much the
President's "tech surge" is costing taxpayers and whether the
Healthcare.gov website was adequately tested before it was rolled out.
Click here
to read my October 24th letter to Secretary
Sebelius, and click here
to read HHS' response to
my questions.
Without approval from the Appropriations Committee, HHS continues to
spend more taxpayer dollars on Obamacare implementation. In doing so,
HHS has increased contract awards to the very contractors the agency
blamed for the dysfunctional Healthcare.gov website. Problem solving
and a functional government require understanding, accountability and
inter-branch cooperation. The Department's long overdue and completely
lacking responses to Congressional inquiry undermine both. HHS must
provide the appropriations health subcommittee and other Congressional
committees of jurisdiction adequate information about the costs of ACA
delays, federal Exchange implementation and the ongoing technical
"glitches."
Urging Overhaul of Federal IT Oversight to Save Taxpayers Billions
On Wednesday, I introduced the Federal Oversight and Accountability Act
along with Senators Mike Johanns (R-NE) and Senator Tom Udall (D-N.M.).
The bipartisan bill is designed to ensure greater accountability by
empowering federal Chief Information Officers (CIOs) by elevating their
role in civilian agency budget planning processes and increasing their
ability to optimize how agencies use Information Technology (IT). The
legislation would also improve the transparency of Federal IT spending
by expanding the scope of the Office of Management and Budget's public
website - the IT Dashboard - which requires Chief Information Officers
to report projects regularly.
Reforms to and increased oversight of our federal IT procurement
process are desperately needed. The systemically-flawed rollout of
HealthCare.gov is one high-profile example of IT procurement failures,
but numerous more projects incur cost overruns, project delays and are
abandoned altogether. Each year, the federal government spends about
$80 billion on information technology, and according to a recent
Government Accountability Office (GAO) report
, at least 154 major federal IT investments
totaling $10.4 billion are at risk and in need of management attention.
Our bill seeks to implement many of the GAO's recommendations and
eliminate duplication and waste in federal IT acquisition and
management. This bipartisan bill would require the first major overhaul
of the government IT procurement process in more than a decade. Click
here
to read more about my legislation.
Showing Support for the United States District Court for the District
of Kansas Judicial Nominee
This week, it was a pleasure to introduce Daniel Crabtree of Kansas
City, Kansas, during a U.S. Senate Judiciary Hearing. Mr. Crabtree is
the nominee to the United States District Court for the District of
Kansas. Providing advice and consent of Presidential nominees is one of
the most important roles of the United States Senate and a
responsibility that I take seriously. Mr. Crabtree is a one of Kansas'
most accomplished legal minds and has had a distinguished career in
litigation.
KU vs. Georgetown Basketball
On Saturday, Robba and I enjoyed having the opportunity to watch the
nationally ranked University of Kansas Jayhawks play against the
Georgetown Hoyas at Allen Fieldhouse. The Jayhawks defeated the Hoyas
86 to 64. It was another great experience at that historic venue in
Lawrence. I wish the Jayhawks the best of luck as their season
continues.
Kansans in the Office
This week we had several visitors in the Washington, D.C., office,
including the Kansans listed below.
Ron Pauls of Hutchinson
Army Corps of Engineers
Jennifer Switzer of Kansas City
Amy Blair of Kansas City
Perceptive Software
Holly Rohleder of Lenexa
Capital Tour
Lincoln Mohler of Hays
Maureen Mahoney of Kansas City
Colleen Crabtree of Kansas City
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one
of my Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING
UP Kansas
Listening Tour
MARSHALL COUNTY
Friday, Dec. 27 at
8:30
a.m. The Weaver Hotel Waterville
GEARY COUNTY
Saturday, Dec. 28 at
8:30
a.m. Stacy's Restaurant Grandview Plaza
TREGO COUNTY
Tuesday, Dec. 31 at
10:30 a.m.
Western Cooperative Electric WaKeeney
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____
_ ___
Kansas
Common Sense December
23, 2013
Dear
Friend,
Welcome to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; I hope you and your
family enjoy this holiday season. I send you my best wishes for the year ahead and wish you a very Merry
Christmas and a Happy New Year. I hope the new year brings a Congress better capable of working together
for the well-being of our nation. Thank you for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Video:
Kansas Listening Tour As your U.S. Senator, I am committed
to listening to Kansans and making certain your commonsense voices are heard in our nation&#8217;s Capital.
Whether I am at the grocery store, attending church, or filling the tank with gas, the conversations
I have with Kansans matter to me and impact the work I do on your behalf. I encourage you to watch the
video
below,
which highlights my 1000th Town Hall Meeting in Marion.
The reality is I enjoy hosting town hall meetings&#8212;I think
this is the way Democracy should work. Much of what I know and the issues I focus on in our nation&#8217;s
capital are based on conversations I have with Kansans. I very much appreciate the judgment and common
sense I garner from town hall meetings. Thanks to all who joined me in Marion, and I hope to see many
of you at one of my upcoming Listening Tour Stops which are listed in the sidebar of this newsletter.
Ryan-Murray
Budget Plan Passes Senate On Wednesday, the Senate passed
H.J. Res 59, known as the Ryan-Murray budget resolution, by a vote of 64-36. This officially set top-line
budgetary levels for the next two fiscal years.
I
voted against passage of the budget plan, because it falls far short of making the meaningful spending
reforms we need to address our out-of-control debt and deficits. In classic Washington fashion, this
legislation trades real spending increases now &#8211; a $63 billion increase over two years &#8211;
for modest reductions in mandatory spending nearly one decade from now. Furthermore, the spending increases
are partially paid for by decreasing military retiree benefits, including benefits to wounded warriors.
We must do better for our men and women in uniform &#8212; who have already sacrificed so much &#8212;
rather than place the burden of spending hikes on their backs.
With
our national debt continuing to soar to unprecedented levels, it is disappointing to see business-as-usual
in Washington commended as progress. According to a report released Tuesday from the nonpartisan Congressional
Budget Office, Social Security trust funds will be entirely exhausted by 2031 &#8211; less than one decade
after the Ryan-Murray budget deal finally achieves deficit reduction of approximately $23 billion. Unfortunately,
with unfunded liabilities for Social Security and Medicare exceeding $100 trillion, these cuts will do
very little to address the real cause of our debt problems. The longer we postpone meaningful, responsible
changes to fiscal policy, the more harm we do to the ability of future generations to enjoy our way of
life and pursue the American Dream.
Click
here
to read more about my vote.
Ft.
Riley Soldiers Killed in Afghanistan
This week our Nation lost six heroes based at Ft. Riley, Kansas,
killed in a helicopter incident in Afghanistan. Our country is forever indebted to these young men for
their service and sacrifice. They were committed to preserving the freedoms and liberties guaranteed
to us by our Constitution, and making certain every American has the opportunity to pursue what we all
call the American Dream.
I&#8217;m
grateful for the blessings these brave men afforded us with their service to our country, and paid tribute
to them in the Senate to offer respect and honor as they laid down their lives for our freedom. In just
a few short days, families will gather around dining room tables across our nation to celebrate the holidays.
In the instance of these six families, there will be an empty chair at the Christmas table. For those
of us who are Christians, we celebrate Christmas as the arrival of the Prince of Peace, and I would ask
that we have peace in our land, peace in our world, and no more wars. And I would ask that these families
find peace knowing that their son, their husband, their father &#8211; they sacrificed for something
more important than life itself; they sacrificed for others. May they find peace in knowing what worthy
lives their loved ones lived.
We
thank God for giving us these heroes, and remain committed to preserving this nation for the sake of
the next generation. We are indebted to members of our military to do nothing less. May God bless our
servicemen and women, our veterans, and the country we all love &#8212; the United States of America.
Click
here
to watch my remarks on the Senate floor in tribute
to these soldiers.
National Defense Authorization Act The
Senate passed the National Defense Authorization Act for 2014 this week. Two amendments I offered, to
assess the threat of the terrorist group Al-Shabab and to protect the National Guard in carrying out
cyber missions, were included in the final bill. Al-Shabab is a terrorist group based in Somalia that
is responsible for smuggling, pirating, and the deadly attack on the Nairobi, Kenya, shopping mall in
September that killed 61 civilians and six Kenyan soldiers. The group poses a significant threat to American
troops in the region, including soldiers from Ft. Riley, and there is reason to believe Al-Shabab is
raising funds through networks in the United States. It&#8217;s imperative that we adequately assess
the risk this U.S. designated foreign terrorist organization poses both domestically and to Americans
serving in the region.
Cyber
operations will be vital to our nation&#8217;s security in the 21st century. My other included amendment
will halt, and likely prevent, cuts to the 177th Information Aggressor Squadron based at McConnell Air
Force Base in Wichita, which is one of only two National Guard unties executing the critical information
aggressor mission focused on cyber security, information operations, and cyber intelligence. The 177th
is critical not only to Kansas National Guardsman, but also as a national security asset for the Department
of Defense (DoD) and other organizations that require cyber mission support. It is vital that DoD protect
against the unintended loss of a one-of-a-kind asset and prevent a reduction in personnel from being
implemented.
Administration
Fails to Answer Questions on Cost of Implementing Obamacare The
Obama Administration continues to refuse to provide straightforward answers to my questions about the
costs of implementing the Affordable Care Act (ACA) health insurance Exchange. Seven weeks after
I &#8211; as Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services
and Education &#8211; requested answers from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) on
the cost of the failed Obamacare roll out, the Department responded with vague and incomplete answers
to appropriate questions including how much the President&#8217;s &#8220;tech surge&#8221; is costing
taxpayers and whether the Healthcare.gov website was adequately tested before it was rolled out.
Click
here
to read my October 24th letter to Secretary Sebelius,
and
click
here
to read HHS&#8217; response to my questions.
Without
approval from the Appropriations Committee, HHS continues to spend more taxpayer dollars on Obamacare
implementation. In doing so, HHS has increased contract awards to the very contractors the agency blamed
for the dysfunctional Healthcare.gov website. Problem solving and a functional government require
understanding, accountability and inter-branch cooperation. The Department&#8217;s long overdue and completely
lacking responses to Congressional inquiry undermine both. HHS must provide the appropriations health
subcommittee and other Congressional committees of jurisdiction adequate information about the costs
of ACA delays, federal Exchange implementation and the ongoing technical &#8220;glitches.&#8221;
Urging
Overhaul of Federal IT Oversight to Save Taxpayers Billions On
Wednesday, I introduced the Federal Oversight and Accountability Act along with Senators Mike Johanns
(R-NE) and Senator Tom Udall (D-N.M.). The bipartisan bill is designed to ensure
greater
accountability by empowering federal
Chief
Information Officers ( CIOs) by elevating
their role in civilian agency budget planning processes and increasing their ability to optimize how
agencies use Information Technology (IT). The legislation would also improve the transparency of Federal
IT spending by expanding the scope of the Office of Management and Budget's public website &#8211; the
IT Dashboard &#8211; which requires Chief Information Officers to report projects regularly.
Reforms
to and increased oversight of our federal IT procurement process are desperately needed. The systemically-flawed
rollout of HealthCare.gov is one high-profile example of IT procurement failures, but numerous more projects
incur cost overruns, project delays and are abandoned altogether. Each year, the federal government spends
about $80 billion on information technology, and according to a recent
Government
Accountability Office (GAO) report , at least 154 major federal
IT investments totaling $10.4 billion are at risk and in need of management attention. Our bill seeks
to implement many of the GAO's recommendations and eliminate duplication and waste in federal IT acquisition
and management. This bipartisan bill would require the first major overhaul of the government IT procurement
process in more than a decade.
Click
here
to read more about my legislation.
Showing
Support for the United States District Court for the District of Kansas Judicial Nominee
This week, it was a pleasure to introduce Daniel Crabtree
of Kansas City, Kansas, during a U.S. Senate Judiciary Hearing. Mr. Crabtree is the nominee to the United
States District Court for the District of Kansas. Providing advice and consent of Presidential nominees
is one of the most important roles of the United States Senate and a responsibility that I take seriously. Mr.
Crabtree is a one of Kansas&#8217; most accomplished legal minds and has had a distinguished career in
litigation.
KU
vs. Georgetown Basketball On Saturday, Robba and I enjoyed
having the opportunity to watch the nationally ranked University of Kansas Jayhawks play against the
Georgetown Hoyas at Allen Fieldhouse. The Jayhawks defeated the Hoyas 86 to 64. It was another great
experience at that historic venue in Lawrence. I wish the Jayhawks the best of luck as their season continues.
Kansans
in the Office This week we had several visitors in the
Washington, D.C., office, including the Kansans listed below.
Ron
Pauls of Hutchinson
Army
Corps of Engineers Jennifer Switzer of Kansas City
Amy Blair of Kansas City
Perceptive
Software Holly Rohleder of Lenexa
Capital
Tour Lincoln Mohler of Hays
Maureen Mahoney of Kansas City
Colleen Crabtree of Kansas City
Honored
to Serve You in Washington It
is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and
writing in to share their thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate
the words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who
wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email
by
clicking
here .
You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
