
November 25, 2013
Share this email:
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 11.25.13
Monday, November 25, 2013
Many children are taught that Americas First Thanksgiving took place in 1621 at Massachusetts Plymouth Plantation.
But it is Virginia, and not the Bay State, that has the right to claim ownership of the First English settlement Thanksgiving.
In 1619
around a year before the pilgrims even arrived at Plymouth
a group of English colonists arrived at Berkeley Plantation and established the Thanksgiving tradition.
In accordance with instructions sent by the London Company, upon arriving at Berkeley, Captain John Woodlief and fellow colonists prayed*:
We ordain that this day of our ship's arrival, at the place assigned for plantacon, [meaning plantation], in the land of Virginia, shall be yearly and perpetually kept holy as a day of thanksgiving to Almighty God.
Of course, it is true that the colony at Plymouth held a three-day festival to celebrate their safe travels, a successful growing season, and the assistance of the Native Americans.
The relationship between these new settlers and the Native Americans did not end with this meal.
Obviously, Native Americans and European settlers would engage in numerous wars, acts of treachery, and atrocities, but when our nation was threatened from powers across the seas, Native Americans were proud to defend these United States.
As written in the
Washington Post , During the dark, early days of World War II, American military commanders were desperate for a code that could not be cracked by the Japanese.
The solution rested in the obscure languages spoken by Native American tribes, unfathomable to the Japanese.
Native American code talkers, as they became known, were able to transmit messages quickly and securely, giving American forces a critical edge.
The first recorded use of code talkers as a part of our Armed Forces was in October of 1918.
They thwarted our enemies, using their native language to communicate securely and secretly.
According to the Defense Department, more than 400 code talkers served during World War I and World War II.
Navajo code talkers served in the largest numbers, and were recognized for their service in a 2001 ceremony featuring President George W. Bush.
However, many Native American code talkers of different tribes were not given the same recognition.
In 2008, Congress passed a bill that would authorize gold medals for other tribes and, because there are no central records regarding code talkers, the Pentagon researched for the last several years to determine which tribes were eligible for recognition.
Perhaps complicating matters further is the fact that, because code talkers were sworn to secrecy, many of them passed away without having revealed their heroic actions, even to those they loved.
Just last week, I joined other members of the House and the Senate in the Capitol Visitor Centers Emancipation Hall for a ceremony honoring Native American code talkers from 33 tribes throughout the United States with the Congressional Gold Medal, Congress highest expression of gratitude.
The tribes being recognized at this moving ceremony received Congressional Gold Medals of a unique design befitting that tribe.
Also, more than 200 silver medals were presented to living code talkers or a surviving family member.
As Speaker John Boehner said of code talkers, They mobilized the simplest weapon
language
to thwart the fiercest enemy free people have ever known.
Attending the Congressional Gold Medal ceremony was the Robinson family from Roanoke County.
Mr. Robinsons uncle, Mr. Harold W. Morgan, was a code talker, and a member of the Pawnee Nation of Oklahoma.
Speaking with the Robinsons after the ceremony about their family heritage and about Mr. Morgan, his service to our nation, and the Pawnee Nations Congressional Gold Medal was humbling.
I will never forget it.
This season, more than any other, is the time in which we gather together in thanksgiving, in recognition of our blessings, and in praise.
Along with being thankful for the blessings bestowed upon me and my family, I will express my deep gratitude this Thanksgiving for heroes like Mr. Harold W. Morgan, his fellow code talkers, and other members of our Armed Forces both past and present.
May God bless these heroes, may God bless you and your loved ones, and may God bless these United States.
Best wishes for a safe and happy Thanksgiving.
As always, if you have questions, concerns, or comments, feel free to call my Abingdon office at 276-525-1405 or my Christiansburg office at 540-381-5671.
To reach my office by email, please visit my website at
www.morgangriffith.house.gov .
###
*
http://www.timesdispatch.com/opinion/their-opinion/in-virginia-a-season-of-thanksgiving/article_8c11aad7-9402-5984-8e59-6b4d347f09ab.html
###
Washington, DC Office
1108 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-3861
F (202) 226-0076
Abingdon Office
323 West Main St.
Abingdon, VA 24210
T (276) 525-1405
F (276) 525-1444
Christiansburg Office
17 West Main St.
Christiansburg, VA 24073
T (540) 381-5671
F (540) 381-5675
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here