
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Update on Ryan-Murray Budget Deal
This morning I voted against advancing the budget agreement drafted by
House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and Senate Budget
Committee Chairman Patty Murray (D-Wash.).
I returned to the Senate to tackle the greatest challenges facing our
country, and I have devoted much of my first three years back working
with both sides, including the president, to try to achieve a
debt-reduction agreement that would put our nation on a path toward
fiscal responsibility. While I appreciate the work of Paul Ryan and
House Republicans, and I recognize the short-term stability this budget
deal offers, I could not overcome the fact that this plan once again
allows Congress and the administration to avoid the tough choices we
must make to stabilize our long-term fiscal future.
I will remain committed to working with my colleagues to address this
challenge.
_____
Hoosiers Facing Premium Increases Due to Obamacare
President Obama promised the American people that his health care law
will "cut costs and make coverage more affordable for families and
small businesses." Unfortunately, the President's promise doesn't match
reality. Under Obamacare, family premiums are skyrocketing nationwide.
An Associated Press poll released this week found that 69 percent of
Americans say their premiums are going up.
The administration and those who supported Obamacare need to hear how
about the impact this disastrous law is having on the lives of American
families and individuals from all different backgrounds and walks of
life. This week, I continued to share stories on the Senate floor
directly from Hoosiers on their experiences with the so-called
Affordable Care Act. During my remarks, I shared stories from Hoosiers
in Chesteron, Martinsville, Shipshewana and Granger who are all facing
higher health insurance premiums and paying a steep price for
Obamacare's broken promises.
Click here
or on the image above to watch my
speech. Click here
to share
your Obamacare story with me.
Coats in the News
Coats' staff member to visit Corydon
Coats: Obamacare mess would make great Seinfeld episode
Coats Warns of Harry Reid's Dangerous Power Grab
Staffer for Sen. Coats to be in Brazil Wednesday
_____
Stay Connected
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Update on Ryan-Murray Budget Deal
This morning I voted against advancing the budget agreement drafted by House Budget Committee Chairman
Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and Senate Budget Committee Chairman Patty Murray (D-Wash.).
I returned to the Senate to tackle the greatest challenges facing our country, and I have devoted
much of my first three years back working with both sides, including the president, to try to achieve
a debt-reduction agreement that would put our nation on a path toward fiscal responsibility. While I
appreciate the work of Paul Ryan and House Republicans, and I recognize the short-term stability this
budget deal offers, I could not overcome the fact that this plan once again allows Congress and the administration
to avoid the tough choices we must make to stabilize our long-term fiscal future.
I will remain committed to working with my colleagues to address this challenge.
Hoosiers
Facing Premium Increases Due to Obamacare
President
Obama promised the American people that his health care law will &#8220;cut costs and make coverage more
affordable for families and small businesses.&#8221; Unfortunately, the President&#8217;s promise doesn&#8217;t
match reality. Under Obamacare, family premiums are skyrocketing nationwide. An Associated Press poll
released this week found that 69 percent of Americans say their premiums are going up.
The administration and those who supported Obamacare need to hear how about the impact this disastrous
law is having on the lives of American families and individuals from all different backgrounds and walks
of life. This week, I continued to share stories on the Senate floor directly from Hoosiers on their
experiences with the so-called Affordable Care Act. During my remarks, I shared stories from Hoosiers
in Chesteron, Martinsville, Shipshewana and Granger who are all facing higher health insurance premiums
and paying a steep price for Obamacare&#8217;s broken promises.
Click
here
or on the image above to
watch my speech. Click
here
to share your Obamacare story with me.
Coats
in the News
Coats&#8217;
staff member to visit Corydon
Coats:
Obamacare mess would make great Seinfeld episode
Coats
Warns of Harry Reid&#8217;s Dangerous Power Grab
Staffer
for Sen. Coats to be in Brazil Wednesday
Stay
Connected
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
