DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend -
As we start the new year, here is a look back at a few of my favorite moments from 2013. It is a privilege to be able to serve as representative of the Fourth District; thank you for all of your feedback and involvement throughout the past year.
Make sure to like my
Facebook page
if youd like to see more
photos
or share your thoughts with me.
January : Introduced
legislation
to tie Members salaries to government spending (the more they spend, the less they make.)
February : Visited the Amazon Fulfillment Center at Meadowville Technology Park in Chesterfield, which added approximately 500 local jobs last year.
March:
CPAC 2013: Joined conservatives from across the nation to speak out on behalf of those seeking to exercise constitutionally protected religious freedoms.
April:
In Southampton County in Franklin - welcomed Loves to the community. More economic development and job creation in the Fourth District.
May:
Questioned Attorney General Eric Holder before the House Judiciary Committee about the lack of personal accountability of this Administration, for actions that have resulted in the murder of Americans and degradation of our Constitution. (Watch
here .)
June:
Talked about 4 th
grade, basketball, and legislation impacting childrens health with my friend Anthonie Ant Whitt (he even gave me his autograph). Thank you to the many constituents who, like Ant, took the time to stop by my office and share their thoughts with me this year.
July:
Celebrated the birth of this great nation we are privileged to call home, as well as the 50 th
anniversary of my hometown, the City of Chesapeake.
August:
Job fairs in Chesapeake and Chesterfield connected local employers with hundreds of job seekers throughout the District.
September:
During a House Armed Services Committee Hearing, I questioned the chiefs of our Army, Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps about whether their services will be able to execute our national defense strategy if full sequestration is implemented. All four answered a resounding "no". ( Read my thoughts
on why we cant afford to cheapen our national security).
October:
Launched the Asia-Pacific Oversight Series, a bipartisan initiative Congresswoman Colleen Hanabusa of Hawaii and I are leading, that seeks to address Americas security challenges and opportunities in this critical region.
November : Attended the christening of the nations newest aircraft carrier, the USS Gerald R. Ford. The men and women who will serve on her represent the very best of our nation and every American can be proud of their skill, courage and sacrifice.
December : Spent time with some wonderful kids and volunteers during the 9 th
Annual Kidz Kruz Event sponsored by the James C. Archbell II Foundation.
What were some of your highlights from 2013? Share with me,
here .
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here