DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Bob Latta's Family Values Watch
DECEMBER 2013
REPRESENTING OHIO'S 5TH DISTRICT
Share
Congressman Latta's monthly newsletter tracking life and family news from the Nations Capital
I sincerely hope that you and your loved ones had a blessed Thanksgiving celebration.
We have much to be thankful for in this great nation and it is more important now than ever to remain steadfast in protecting our heritage and the liberties we enjoy.
Please feel free to forward this e-newsletter to share pro-life and pro-family news in your community.
It is my great honor to serve as your Member of Congress and it is my number one priority to represent you and the best interests of the Fifth Congressional District.
Please do not hesitate to call, write, or e-mail me in the future with any of your concerns or questions.
For federal-related issues, you may reach my Washington, D.C. office by phone at (202) 225-6405, or my District office at (800) 541-6446 for constituent services.
I also encourage you to visit my website at
http://latta.house.gov .
Sincerely,
Congressman Bob Latta
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM RESTORATION ACT
November marked the 20th Anniversary of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, a bipartisan law that prohibits the federal government from substantially burdening the free exercise of religion.
While this law has served to protect many from government intrusion on religious freedoms, it is of particular significance at this time with the implementation of the Affordable Care Act.
Obamacare contains provisions that impose mandates on employers to pay full contraceptive coverage benefits to employees regardless of the employers religious affiliations, beliefs, and pro-life convictions that run counter to this requirement.
These provisions blatantly trample on the rights of conscience and religious liberties of the American people.
This issue is currently under review at the Supreme Court and my hope is that it will recognize that religious freedom is a sacred right that must be protected and respected in all facets of our society.
I will continue to keep you updated on this issue as it moves through the judicial process.
PRESERVE AND PROTECT 'GOD' IN SOLEMN OATHS
Our countrys legacy is built upon the Founding Fathers view that we are one nation under God.
While it personally saddens me that there are consistent efforts to remove references to God in our solemn oaths or to remove prayer from our nations deliberative bodies, I take comfort in the protections offered by our First Amendment rights that provide Americans freedom of religion; not freedom from religion.
That is why I have co-sponsored H.R. 3416 which would amend the United States Code and help preserve and protect God in our solemn oaths.
Specifically, this bill would require Congressional approval of any changes to the oaths taken by cadets and midshipmen in the U.S. Military Academies.
This bill would also require Congressional approval for any changes to oaths taken by members of the Armed Forces, Civil Service, and Uniformed Services. The intent of the bill is to ensure that oaths taken by members of the military, government, and military academies stay true to the founding principles of the country.
THE DEFENSE OF MARRIAGE CONTINUES
The assault on traditional marriage and those who exercise their First Amendment rights in support of traditional marriage has continued following the Supreme Courts United States v. Windsor decision striking down the federal Defense of Marriage Act.
Several federal agencies are purportedly going beyond the scope and intent of Windsor to extend federal benefits to same-sex couples, discounting both religious freedoms and state laws regarding marriage.
I recently signed onto a letter to President Obama inquiring about the dubious actions of these federal agencies that are unlawfully circumventing Congress and the states to implement rules pertaining to Windsor. As you know, I am a firm believer that marriage consists only of a union between a man and a woman and I have actively fought to ensure that Americans who share that belief have a right to sustain and exercise those views as protected by the First Amendment.
I will continue to keep you updated on this very important issue. View the letter
here.
News Releases
November 27:
Latta Comments on President Signing Legislation to Combat Counterfeit Pharmaceuticals
November 20:
Latta Introduces Bill to Honor the Office of Strategic Services (OSS)
November 20:
Latta Recognizes the 20th Anniversary of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act
Social Media
Follow Congressman Latta online! He regularly updates his profiles with the latest news and developments from around Ohio and Capitol Hill.
SAVE THE DATE!
2014 March For Life
Please mark your calendar to attend the 2014 March for Life rally on Wednesday, January 22, 2014 in Washington, D.C. I will be hosting an open house for constituents who are visiting the area to support the pro-life movement. More details to come.
OHIO OFFICES
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
BOWLING GREEN OFFICE
1045 North Main St, Ste 6
Bowling Green, OH 43402
T (419) 354-8700
DEFIANCE OFFICE
101 Clinton St, Ste 1200
Defiance, OH 43512
T (419) 782-1996
FINDLAY OFFICE
318 Dorney Plaza, Room 302
Findlay, OH 45840
T (419) 422-7791
2448 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Main: 202-225-6405
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here