DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | December 13, 2013
CLICK HERE
to see the pictures and graphics in this email.
Watch this week's dose
of common sense
HERE .
The Endangered Species Act
Dear Friends,
Caring for our land and water, and the species of the earth, is more than just a good idea, it is a moral and spiritual obligation.
This duty is something we can all agree on.
In 1973, Congress chose to fulfill this obligation by passing the Endangered Species Act (ESA).
But in its lifetime, the ESA has only demonstrated a 1% success rate and has imposed significant burdens on people and their livelihoods.
Sound policy and sound science has taken a backseat to litigation, closed door court settlements, and a lack of scientific transparency.
We can and should do better with the ESA.
The problem is, we are still administering and enforcing this law with litigation and a command-and-control regulatory regime.
We have moved far beyond 1973 in terms of our ability to conserve species and the American people embracing their responsibility to do so.
Its time the law, rules, and regulations caught up to where we are now in 2013.
Every day on the ground, the Americans who live on and work the land show a tremendous commitment to conservation that is too often undermined by the ESAs litigation-driven model.
We need a 21 st
century conservation model that recognizes the conservation values of the American people and allows us to implement boots on the ground conservation, not just flowery language in courtrooms about the importance of the ESA.
We can modernize the ESA to more successfully assist species that are truly in danger, and we can do it in a way that doesnt put species in conflict with people.
Thank you for your time and support throughout this past year and please
contact me
with any concerns or comments you have on this or any other issue.
And Merry Christmas from my family to yours and please travel safe during this holiday season.
Sincerely,
Join the conversation! Stay connected to me through
,
,
and
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Newsletter Sign-U p
------------------------------------
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Tumblr
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here