
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
December 06, 2013
In
This Week's Edition of E-News
...
House Passes Vets
Bill; Region Dedicates New WWII
Memorial
Murphy Supports Bill to
Protect Firefighting Resources from EPA Overreach
Innovation Act Targets Baseless
Lawsuits
SWPA Manufacturer a Global Leader in Medical, Aerospace
Products
House Passes Vets Bill; Region Dedicates New WWII
Memorial
Each year, nearly
$500,000 in coins is left behind at airport security checkpoints across
the country. This past year, Pittsburgh International Airport
collected a record $8,081.55 alone. That money goes to TSAs budget, but
legislation passed by the House of Representatives this week will dedicate
it to supporting soldiers and
veterans.
The TSA Loose Change Act (HR 1095),
would give coins left at TSA gates to nonprofits like the USO to operate
areas of rest and recuperation at airports for service members and
their families. The new lounges and rest areas would be operated by
eligible nonprofits in a competitive application process. The bill now
awaits action in the Senate.
With Howard
Pfeifer, Merchant Marine WWII vet and chairman of the memorial
effort.
The legislation passed the House as Southwestern Pennsylvanians
gathered to remember the service and sacrifice of World War II veterans.
On Friday, approximately 100 veterans on the North Shore witnessed the
dedication
of the Southwestern Pennsylvania
World War II Memorial. Nearly 13 years in the making, the memorial honors
American military personnel who contributed to the Allies Arsenal
of Democracy, in the words of President Franklin D. Roosevelt. Billed
as an
outdoor museum , the Southwestern
Pennsylvania World War II Memorial features panels made of steel and glass to
commemorate the regions special role in the war effort as well as
personal stories of sacrifice from local veterans. The dedication event
was covered by
KDKA
television.
Presentation
of a flag to Pennsbury Village resident
June Fragnoli, widow
of WWII veteran
Billy.
Rep. Murphy also made a personal visit to the
home of a local veteran this week, continuing an
ongoing effort
to honor their sacrifice by awarding combat and
service medals secured through his office. Billy Fragnoli of Pennsbury
Village served his country in the Navy Reserve during World War II. Mr.
Fragnoli passed away on October 9.
On Friday, Rep. Murphy
presented the following service medals and commendations to his wife,
June: World War II Victory Medal, American Campaign Medal, Asiatic Pacific
Medal Medal, European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, Combat
Action Ribbon, Honorable Discharge Lapel Button, and Honorable Service
Lapel Button.
If you are a veteran or you know of a veteran who has not
yet received earned service or combat medals, Rep. Murphys office can
help. For more information, please contact either his Mt. Lebanon
office at (412) 344-5583 or the Greensburg office at (724)
850-7312.
To share your
thoughts on veterans issues, please click
here .
Murphy Supports Bill to Protect Firefighting
Resources from EPA Overreach
Rules issued by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in
October would make it illegal for communities to install new fire
hydrants beginning January 2014. This week the House of Representatives
approved, with Congressman Murphys support, the
Community Fire Safety Act
(HR 3588) to protect the rights of local
communities on fire hydrant
installation.
Six weeks ago, the EPA ruled that water coming from a
fire hydrant must meet federal drinking water standards, even though
fire hydrants are not used to supply drinking water. Beginning
next year, this new regulation could ban the installation of fire
hydrants containing certain parts coming into contact with water, leaving
cities and towns
unable to replace them in the
event of an emergency. The Community Fire Safety Act would treat hydrants
the same as any other exempted fixture such as a shower valve while
continuing to uphold the public heath priorities of the Safe Water
Drinking Act.
In a
letter
to the EPA, Rep. Murphy challenged the
EPAs effort to regulate local fire departments. Writing to its Acting
Assistant Administrator on Wednesday, Murphy called on the EPA to
permanently exempt fire hydrants from the new requirements, just as they had
been in past interpretations of the Safe Drinking Water
Act.
The Community Fire Safety Act
passed the House on a bipartisan vote and now awaits action in the
Senate.
To
share your thoughts on the EPA, please click
here .
Innovation Act
Targets Baseless
Lawsuits
Momentum continued this week in the effort to stop
frivolous lawsuits. An emerging trend in the legal realm is a
practice where an individual or a shell company seeks to profit by buying
patents and then suing other companies or consumers for phony patent
infringement in order to force them into costly legal settlements, even
though their claims are often
meritless.
Commonly known as patent trolling, this
patent-suing practice costs tens of billions of dollars to settle or
litigate abusive lawsuits. Patent trolls search the patent registry to
finds similar patents, then sends out hundreds if not thousands of
demand letters to other companies alleging patent infringement and
threatening lawsuits if recipients do not pay
restitution.
One patent troll,
highlighted recently in the
New York Times ,
bragged of how he sent hundreds and thousands of letters threatening
legal action and described his business model as Once you go thug,
though, you cant unthug.
Many of these baseless lawsuits have made multi-millionaires
out of the
lawyers
who specialize in
representing patent trolls.
According to a study by patent-risk consultancy RPX, patent
troll cases have more than doubled in the last several years. In 2011
alone, patent trolls cost the US economy
$80
billion . The Federal Trade Commission recently launched an
investigation
into the deceptive practices of patent trolls and
last month Oversight Chairman Tim Murphy organized an investigative
hearing on the topic.
The Committee hearing, titled
The Impact of
Patent Assertion Entities on Innovation and the Economy ,
reviewed the economic consequences of patent trolling. In addition to
sue-and-settle techniques, witnesses described the deceptive patent-demand
practices often used by patent trolls. These practices are often
shrouded in nondisclosure agreements and hidden behind layers of shell
companies.
In
his
opening statement
at the hearing, Murphy
said, A strong and fair patent system is essential to an innovative
marketplace. Inventors and companies should be encouraged to research and
develop ideas, technologies, and products and be rewarded for their
risk and investment.
To put a stop this practice, on Thursday, the House approved
the bipartisan
Innovation Act
(H.R. 3309) by a
vote of 325 to 91.
The bill increases litigation transparency, and protects the
licenses of legitimate inventors and developers. The Innovation Act
also requires that the information be updated throughout the life of
the patent. The bill awaits further action in the
Senate.
To share your
thoughts on patent abuse, please click
here .
SWPA Manufacturer a Global Leader in Medical, Aerospace
Products
If youve had a recent surgery that incorporated a
medical implant, such as a screw to repair a damaged knee joint,
chances are the titanium part was manufactured right here in Southwestern
Pennsylvania. Founded 25 years ago, Houston, Pas Perryman Company
supplies innovative titanium products to medical device makers, the
aerospace industry, and others. Perryman's titanium is forged here because
the regions standards are trusted internationally in this
highly competitive
sector. Recently, Congressman Murphy was
invited to tour Perrymans headquarters and forge plant as well as
meet with their executive team and
employees.
The companys founder and chairman,
James T. Perryman, Sr., led the tour. Perryman also owns a facility in
California, Pa., where their melting operations are housed. Thanks to
increased demand for titanium airplane parts in the international
market, Perryman is phasing in a $40 million
expansion
at both of its locations. This global competitors expansion is
expected to double its production capacity and net 100 new local jobs by
the time of its completion in
2015.
Perryman
is a global leader in titanium components for medical and aerospace
industries.
The titanium-production process involves the melting of
raw materials sponge and scrap in an electron-beam furnace and the
gradual blending together to achieve billet that is then finished, tested,
and shipped. Sixty percent of the blending sponge and scrap is
recycled and 40% is new material, most of it imported from Japan. The
domestic melting process is regarded as higher quality than Chinese
competitors. Murphy, as Chairman of the Congressional Steel Caucus, has been a
supporter of and cosponsor of requiring the Department of Defense to
buy metals like titanium that were
melted and
forged
in the United States. The domestic sourcing provision ensures the
nation doesnt have to rely on foreign nations for expensive and
crucial defense metals during a potential time of
war.
To share your thoughts on
local manufacturing, please click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202)
2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504
Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412)
4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson
Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724)
8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 