
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
January 10, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Newsroom
|
Our District
|
Constituent Services
|
Visit DC
|
Contact
Tim
In This Week's
Edition of E-News ...
Support Grows for Murphys Mental Health
Bill
Congress Votes To Protect Privacy Under
Healthcare Law
WWII Vet Honored with Bronze
Star, Service Medals in
Jeannette
Support Grows for
Murphys Mental Health Bill
Please click here to watch Rep.
Murphy's
speech.
Bipartisan backing of Congressman Tim Murphys
mental health reform legislation, the Helping Families in Mental
Health Crisis Act (H.R. 3717) took a major step forward this week when the
House of Representatives reconvened for the 2014 session. More than a
dozen Republican and Democrat lawmakers, including Reps. Mike Kelly
and Bill Shuster in Southwestern Pennsylvania, immediately signed on as
cosponsors of the bill, which was unveiled last month following a
year-long investigation into the nations broken mental health system.
The groundswell of support for the bill was the subject of a radio story
on
WHYY in
Philadelphia .
Congressman
Murphy spoke
directly to his fellow legislators about the bill during Wednesdays
legislative session, describing the struggle of one mother to help her
mentally ill and violent son get medical care while shielding her other
children from his violent outbursts.
Doctors groups, law enforcement, and
parents
have come out in support of the Helping Families in Mental Health
Crisis Act. This week, Rep. Murphy met with the group, No Health
Without Mental Health (NHMH). NHMH, which advocates for collaborative
integrated care across mental health, primary care, and public health,
shares Congressman Murphys goal of breaking down the silo mentality that
keeps mental healthcare separate from clinical
care.
To share your thoughts on mental health
reform or share a personal story with Congressman Murphy, please
click
here .
Congress Votes To Protect
Privacy Under Healthcare Law
More than two million users of HealthCare.Gov could have their
personal and private information stolen but never
know.
Thats because the federal website is not
required to notify users that their personal information has been hacked.
In 2012, officials at the Department of Health and Human Services
made a decision
not to require notification in case
of a security breach.
To fix
this security flaw, the House of Representatives passed on a bipartisan
vote of 291-122, the Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act
(H.R. 3811), with Rep. Murphys support on Friday. The bill requires the
Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to notify Americans
within two business days if any of their personally identifiable
information has been compromised on the
exchanges.
This week, the Government Accountability Office released
a new report showing federal agencies do
not
always
report data breaches involving personal information even though
private companies are required to do so. Murphy has been leading House
efforts to increase federal web security, authoring the IRS Health
Records Privacy Act (HR 3041), which would prohibit federal employees
from accessing a persons electronic medical records. Violators would
face criminal penalties, including jail
time.
Meanwhile, Internet security experts have
testified
that HealthCare.gov is vulnerable to attacks by
hackers.Murphy has received classified briefings at which security
professionals have said the site has been attacked multiple
times.
The Energy and Commerce Committee
investigation led by Chairman Murphy into the rollout of the 2010
healthcare law revealed Administration officials knew there were serious
questions about the functionality and security of the insurance exchanges
prior to its launch.
The
failure to
conduct end-to-end security testing
led
website officials to write to their boss, Centers for Medicare and
Medicaid Services Administrator Marilyn Tavenner, that from a security
perspective, the aspects of the system that were not tested due to the
ongoing development, exposed a level of uncertainty that can be deemed as
a
high risk
Tavenners own chief information security officer stated in a draft memo that
the federal exchange does not reasonably meet ... security
requirements and that there is also no confidence that Personal Identifiable
Information (PII) will be protected.
Even today, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS)
has still not performed a full Security Control
Assessment
because the health exchange is still not fully
built.
On January 16 th ,
Chairman Murphy will hold a hearing on the status of the healthcare
law and its implementation. Invited to testify is Gary Cohen, who last
appeared before the committee with just twelve days before the October
1 st
launch of the web site.
At that hearing, a top Affordable Care Act official
testified that beginning October 1, consumers will be able to go online,
they will be able get a determination of what tax subsidies they are
eligible for, they will be able to look at the plans that are available
where they live, they will be able to see the premium net of subsidy
that they would have to pay, and they will be able to choose a plan and
get enrolled in coverage.
Cohen is expected to
explain on Thursday
why all of
his predictions proved to be untrue.
Do you think HHS should be required to notify you if your
information has been compromised? P lease click
here
to share your thoughts.
WWII Vet Honored with Bronze Star,
Service Medals in Jeannette
PFC Bartone, of the the "Red
Bulls,"
fought
in the European
and Africa-Middle East campaigns during
WWII.
Westmoreland County World War II veteran John Bertone finally received the
service medals he earned 70 years ago as a machine gunner in the U.S.
Army.
Congressman Murphy presented
the medals to Private First Class Bertone, who turned 94 years old
last Friday, at a surprise party organized by his family at the Bella Mi
Mi restaurant in Jeannetteon Sunday.
Mr. Bertone served in the 34 th
Infantry Division,
nicknamed the Red Bulls, participating in six major Army campaigns
in the European and Africa-Middle East Theaters during the war. Mr.
Bertone served in the 168 th
Infantry Regiment in Italy from
1943 to 1945. Eager to return home to his family after the war, Private
Bertone did not wait to retrieve his medals when he arrived
stateside.
Rep. Murphys office
worked with the Bertone family to research his military service (Read
more in the
Greensburg Trib here ). Mr. Bertone
received a collection of medals, including the Bronze Star for valor,
the Good Conduct award, Honorable Service Lapel Button WWII, Expert
Badge with Field Artillery Bar with Rifle Bar, Combat Infantry
1 st
Award, European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, and World
War II Victory Medal.
After
Murphy pinned the Bronze Star upon him, Bertone saluted the roomful of
proud family members.
Local research on robotic limbs result in life
changing improvements for returning soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines.
In military news this week, Rep. Murphy attended a
presentation by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA)
of new technologies to assist disabled
veterans.
Brain research experts at
the DARPA Tech Showcase demonstrated how a new artificial arm and hand
connected to a persons brain
can do anything from picking up cups
to sweeping the floor to playing the piano. This research, which has
been occurring at the University of Pittsburgh, was featured in a
recent edition of
CBS 60 Minutes . Murphy said the
developments were life changing for the soldiers with PTSD and TBI he
treats at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center as a Lt.
Commander in the Navy Reserve Medical Service
Corps.
To share your thoughts on this
story with Congressman Murphy, please click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
OFFICE
LOCATIONS
Washington Office
2332 Rayburn
House Office Bldg.
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2301
Fax: (202)
225-1844
Pittsburgh
Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA
15228
Phone: (412) 344-5583
Fax:
(412) 429-5092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724)
850-7312
Fax: (724) 850-7315
Click Here to Email Congressman
Tim Murphy
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
