
Last month, Congress failed to extend unemployment insurance for those still trying to find new work. Nearly 82,000 individuals in Illinois and 1.3 million individuals nationwide abruptly lost unemployment benefits between Christmas and the New Year. With the unemployment rate at 8.7% in Illinois and nearly 11 million more Americans still unemployed, it&rsquo;s unconscionable for Congress to let unemployment benefits lapse. According to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office, renewing these benefits would add 240,000 jobs to the economy.
Some seem to think unemployment insurance only benefits shiftless, lazy people who ought to be able to pull themselves up by their bootstraps. This simply isn&rsquo;t the case. Federal unemployment insurance helps people who have been out of work for months looking for jobs. It helps feed their children, keep the heat and lights on at home, and put gas in their cars so they can go out and find a job.
These are people like Ryan, a father of two from Antioch, Illinois. He wrote to me explaining how he has been struggling to hold onto a job for over a year. He was forced to move to be able to afford housing and has found occasional work since then. Ryan&rsquo;s family depends on this assistance to live as he continues to look for a job, like many others in Illinois and across the country.
It is time for Congress to address growing economic disparities, and step one should be working together to pass an extension of unemployment insurance. Let&rsquo;s renew this important program and lend a helping hand up to those still trying to recover from the great recession.
Renewing Our Commitment to Ending the War on Poverty
Stay Informed
Stay informed on what I am doing for Illinois and what is happening in Congress by visiting my
website .
If you have a question, a comment, or are in need of assistance, please contact my office at one of the phone numbers below or
send me an email .
Office phone numbers:
Washington, DC:
(202) 224-2152 Chicago:
(312) 353-4952 Springfield:
(217) 492-4062 Carbondale:
(618) 351-1122 Rock Island:
(309) 786-5173
You can also follow me on these services:
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin
