
Tuesday, January 14, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
A Dangerous Precedent
Friends-
Weve heard the ObamaCare website horror stories. Weve heard expert testimony about the security risks. Weve watched the White House tweak, delay and selectively implement the law in ways that snub congressional authority. The Administration has fallen far short of its enrollment goals needed to make the program sustainable. Millions of Americans have lost the insurance they were promised they could keep and millions more stand to lose their current plans in 2014.
Now those left without health care plans will have to make a choice:
choose a policy that's likely not-so-affordable by March 31 st , 2014,
or
pay a tax mandate penalty. This represents
the first time
in our nations history that citizens will be punished for failing to purchase a government-mandated product.
This places our nation on a dangerous, slippery slope.
A government that can force you to pay for not purchasing health insurance can tax you for failing to purchase any number of things it deems necessary.
What's next?
Ive voted more than forty times to repeal and replace ObamaCare. Ive led the charge defund and delay its harmful policies. I voted this past week on two healthcare.gov security oversight measures. I will continue to fight its unaffordable premiums and its infringement upon religious liberties.
But we must
also
restore America's Right to Refuse this tax mandate and
any
future attempts to force citizens to purchase government-mandated goods or services. I introduced my Right to Refuse legislation earlier this year with the support of Senator Marco Rubio because it would effectively rip the individual mandate tax penalty right out of the heart of ObamaCare. And it would
permanently
protect Americans from future attempts to tax them for failing to purchase a product.
You can become a citizen cosponsor of the
Right to Refuse
here
and feel free to tweet using the hashtag #Right2Refuse.
As always, I welcome your feedback, and I encourage you to connect using my
website ,
twitter , and
facebook .
In Your Service,
Congressman Steven Palazzo
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here