
Hatch Dispatch:
International Trade and Its Impact on Utah
Dear Friend:
As the Ranking Member of the Senate Finance
Committee, which has jurisdiction over
international trade, I have been looking at ways
to expand international trade and investment to
enhance Utahs economic vitality and job
growth. I recently joined with Senate Finance
Committee Chairman Max Baucus (D-MT) and House
Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp
(R-MI) to introduce legislation that will
establish strong rules for trade negotiations and
Congressional approval of trade pacts
helping to ensure trade agreements that boost
Utah exports and create jobs.
The Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities
Act of 2014 establishes 21st century
Congressional negotiating objectives and rules
for the Administration to follow when engaged in
trade talks, including strict requirements for
Congressional consultations and access to
information. Provided the Administration follows
the rules, special procedures apply when moving a
negotiated deal that satisfies the objectives
through the Senate and House of
Representatives.
Every President since FDR has sought trade
promotion authority from Congress because of the
job-creating benefits of trade. Renewing Trade
Promotion Authority (TPA) will help advance a
robust trade agenda that will help Utah
businesses, workers, farmers and ranchers by
giving them greater access to overseas markets.
This bipartisan legislation helps meet the
challenges of todays competitive global
economy and will play a key role in getting our
nation out of years of economic stagnation by
spurring economic growth and greater
opportunity.
From increasing protections for digital trade
and data flows to enforcing strong U.S.
intellectual property rights, this legislation
will be instrumental to ensuring that our
countrys current trade negotiations in
Asia and Europe are a success and that these
agreements meet the high-standards necessary for
congressional approval.
The legislation confronts many of the trade
challenges facing the U.S. in the global
marketplace, including: competition from
state-owned enterprises; localization barriers to
trade; and restrictions on cross-border data
flows. TPA-2014 updates labor and environment
provisions to reflect recent trade agreements, as
well as market access priorities for goods and
services. It strengthens oversight by Congress
and the public by adding consultation and
reporting requirements. TPA-2014 also provides
for tougher, enforceable rules against barriers
to U.S. agriculture. And for the first time,
TPA-2014 sets out a clear directive on currency
manipulation.
TPA-2014 also provides greater transparency
and gives Congress greater oversight of the
Administrations trade negotiations. An
overview of the bill can be found
here.
Utah and International Trade
Throughout my years of service I have been
interested in and working on international trade
issues and the role they play on continued
economic growth and job expansion in Utah.
Lets look at a few key facts (according to
the Business Roundtable):
International trade
both
exports and imports
supports more than
350,000 Utah jobs.
Utah exports tens of billions of
dollars in goods and services annually.
In 2012, Utah companies sold their
products in 195 international markets.
Free trade agreements (FTAs) have led
to rapid export growth to partner countries. For
example, Americas FTA partners purchased
3.5 times more goods per capita from Utah than
non-FTA countries did in 2012.
To read more about the impact international
trade has on Utah, you might be interested in the
following:
How
Utah's Economy Benefits from International
Trade and Investment
International trade agreements are vital to
our state and nation. I will continue to pursue a
robust TPA agenda to open international markets
for American and Utah made exports.
Sincerely,
Orrin Hatch
Home
|
Contact
Us
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Senator Orrin Hatch
104 Hart Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5251
Fax: (202) 224-6331