
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
We&rsquo;ve been from one end of the district to the other this week for advisory boards, constituent meetings, visits with students and town halls &ndash; all great events we&rsquo;re excited to be in the district for. Thank you to everyone who attended our town halls this week so far in Cattaraugus and Chautauqua counties (pictured below). We have another
town hall tonight in Tioga county
&ndash; please join us if you can with your questions and input.
Reed holds session to answer veterans&rsquo; questions
At our Veterans Advisory Board meeting we had a candid talk about caring for veterans and boosting their priorities in the national spotlight. The consolidated appropriations bill we recently passed includes priorities like
restoring COLA benefits
for medically retired veterans and their families and dedicates funds to help
reduce the backlog
in processing benefit claims.
VIDEO
from the advisory board is online
here .
Click
here
for more on our sit-down with veterans (pictured below at the VFW Post in Sheridan) and our discussion on funding for veteran housing, PTSD treatment and more. We are here to be a resource &ndash; don&rsquo;t hesitate to
contact us
for help navigating the VA, veteran service organizations and county level offices. We have a committed team member in our office dedicated to helping constituents with all veteran-related issues.
Clean Water Projects Boosted by Reed
Our local water initiatives are getting a boost with
increased support
for both the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative (GLRI) and Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds (SRFs) that will go toward combating invasive species like hydrilla, restoring wetlands and other habitats, protecting wildlife and upgrading water systems infrastructure. The Great Lakes Restoration Initiative saw funds increased to $300 million under the House-passed consolidated appropriations bill. The Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds also saw a boost for drinking water infrastructure improvements. Click
here
to see what groups are saying about the environmental benefits from the additional support.
Nuclear cleanup site in line for $64 million
The increased funding for nuclear clean up at the West Valley site has significant long-term economic implications: by dedicating environmental cleanup funds now, we&rsquo;re sparing taxpayer dollars down the road that would need to be used to complete cleanup. The sooner the site is cleaned up, the fewer taxpayer dollars used &ndash; it&rsquo;s fair to taxpayers and fair to the environment. We&rsquo;ll continue to push for additional cleanup efforts as we work with the West Valley Citizen Task Force.
Rep. Tom Reed to Host Senior Resource Event in Waterloo
Please join us
tomorrow
in Seneca County with seniors, family members and caregivers to speak with experts in Medicare, Social Security, Veterans Administration and county officials to answer questions and offer guidance on the best care for seniors all under one roof.
The free event will be held tomorrow, January 24 th
from 1:00pm until 3:00pm at the Seneca County Office for the Aging, 1 DiPronio Drive in Waterloo. Drop by any time or give one of our district offices a
call
with any questions.
Reed Focuses on Dredging in Corps Funding Increase
Dredging, combating invasive species, flood control and environmental restoration are all priority water projects in our backyard that stand to benefit from the increased project funding allocated to the Army Corps of Engineers. Army Corps saw a ten percent funding increase and the 23 rd
district is
positioned well
to see progress on project completion.
Last month at our request, the Army Corps of Engineers Brigadier General Margaret Burcham made a
site visit to the district
for a tour of priority water projects &ndash; an opportunity we took to advocate for local projects. I have high hopes that with the additional funding and the Brigadier General&rsquo;s personal visit, we have positioned ourselves well for some real progress in the next year.
We&rsquo;re back in Washington next week for session and the President&rsquo;s State of the Union address on Tuesday. What are you looking to hear from the President in his address? Where should the country&rsquo;s priorities be? Leave us a note on
Facebook
and listen in Tuesday as the President delivers his fifth State of the Union address.
Best,
Tom
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
