
Introducing the GROWTH Act
Dear Friend:
Like you, I&rsquo;m concerned by the disappointing lack of economic growth and job creation that has kept our economy stagnant.
Americans who are out of work want to work &ndash; but there aren&rsquo;t enough available jobs. At the same time, the emergency extension of federal unemployment insurance benefits has expired. This will impact approximately 1.3 million Americans.
The Congress has already passed 11 renewals of an emergency unemployment program that was always meant to be temporary &ndash; while seeing the economy generate fewer jobs and worse &ndash; having more and more Americans give up trying to find work.
My colleague, Representative Mark Meadows (NC), and I have introduced legislation that takes a commonsense approach to two difficult issues &ndash; 1.) providing a safety net for those workers who need it and 2.) enacting policies that will help create and preserve jobs and wages.
We link the extension of unemployment benefits to three bipartisan, job creation or preservation measures:
1.)
approval of the Keystone Pipeline, allowing construction to begin on the project and potentially creating approximately 42,000 direct and indirect jobs;
2.)
repeal of the job-killing, innovation-stifling Medical Device Tax, potentially saving 43,000 jobs; and
3.)
restoration of the 40 hour work week &ndash; not the 30 hours currently stipulated in the health care law&rsquo;s formula, protecting workers from having their hours cut or jobs eliminated.
If Congress adopts these measures, in conjunction with authorizing a one-year extension of emergency unemployment insurance benefits (providing 14 weeks of benefits for the unemployed), it would benefit our economy and workers.
Prior to December 28, 2013, unemployed workers in Pennsylvania received more than 6 months (26 weeks) of state benefits and 37 weeks of federal emergency benefits, for a total of 63 weeks. At one point, some unemployed Americans were eligible for nearly two years (99 weeks) of benefits, but bipartisan reforms restructured the benefits to a tiered system with a maximum of 73 weeks in some states.
Rather than allowing the federal unemployment program to expire all at once, our plan provides for a reasonable, limited extension that makes additional reforms to the benefits structure and timeframe, phasing the program down to a combined total of 40 weeks (10 months).
We call our plan the
GROWTH
(Generating Real Opportunities for Workers and Transitional Help)
Act . It was introduced yesterday as H.R. 3885.
For more details about this bill visit my website
here . The GROWTH Act ties the need for immediate assistance with policies that we know will either create new opportunities for workers or save jobs from being eliminated while bringing responsible reform to unemployment insurance.
And that&rsquo;s a good deal.
Representative Charlie Dent (PA-15)
Official Website
|
Pressroom
|
Issues
|
Privacy Policy
|
Contact
|
Unsubscribe
