
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
December 20, 2013
Dear Friend,
Ive had a great week at home in the Central
Valley meeting with many of you. As we celebrate the holiday season I am
especially honored to have the opportunity to represent you in
Congress. As always, I welcome your feedback and look forward to hearing
from you on the things you care about most. You can contact me through my
website,
http://denham.house.gov , or subscribe
to my
Twitter ,
Facebook , or
YouTube
feeds to stay in touch with what Im
working on in the 10 th
district and Washington,
D.C.
As you may have seen, the financial security of Californias
High-Speed Rail project has been heavily debated over the last few weeks
following rulings from Sacramento Judge Michael Kenny and the Surface
Transportation Board. I joined The California Report to discuss the
multi-billion dollar construction and whether or not the High-Speed
Rail Authority is working with a fiscally responsible, long-term funding
plan. You can
listen in to our discussion
here .
On Wednesday several of my staff members attended the
girls' basketball tournament at Excel Academy to present the school with a
flag flown over the Pentagon on Veterans Day of this year. SJCOE
Superintendent Mick Founts dedicated the flag and one of my staffers led
the audience in the Pledge of Allegiance. I hope that the flag will
inspire their young athletes for years to come.
This flag, which
SJCOE framed and had placed in glass on their gymnasium wall, was flown
above the U.S. Pentagon on
11/11/13.
Last night I participated in a discussion about
immigration reform with the City Ministry Network in Modesto. I believe our
immigration system is broken and needs real and effective reform, and I
am committed to working across the aisle to find a bipartisan American
solution to solve this problem for the next generation. I have
focused on this topic all year and will continue to work on a true and
lasting fix as we enter 2014.
It was a pleasure to speak
with participants at the City Ministry Network
event.
As I mentioned last week, I had the
honor of nominating 19 young men and women from across the
10 th
district to our countrys prestigious military academies for 2013.
These exceptional young people exhibit great character and dedication
to serving our country. It is a privilege to nominate them to our
esteemed military academies. Their desire to join our military forces is
inspiring.
The nominees are seeking admission to the United
States Military Academy in West Point, N.Y., the United States Naval
Academy in Annapolis, Md., the United States Air Force Academy in
Colorado Springs, Colo. and the United States Merchant Marine Academy in
Kings Point, N.Y.
Each student seeking to attend
one of these four military academies must be nominated by a U.S.
Representative, U.S. Senator or the Vice President. Nominees are selected
through a rigorous application and interview process and are chosen based
on factors such as academic achievement, leadership ability, physical
aptitude, participation in extra-curricular activities and
demonstration of character.
Academy students commit to serving in
the military for a minimum of five years active duty upon graduation.
If accepted to attend, students will receive notice from the individual
service academies in April 2014.
Here is the full
list of 10 th
district nominees
from Tracy, Modesto,
Newman, Waterford, Turlock, Ripon and Manteca.
Lastly, I
wanted to feature one of my Modesto offices dedicated fall interns,
Kyle Griffith. Kyle is a CSU Stanislaus grad who majored in Political
Science. He is a Modesto native who has been helping my staff with
database management, updating contact lists and answering constituent
phone calls. He is most interested in doing casework, where he has the
ability to help individual constituents with their needs, and
participating in the offices mobile district office hours, where myself and my
district staff meet with 10 th
district residents
one-on-one.
Kyle has been an asset to my staff in Modesto as we work
to serve members of our community from across the district. It is
always an honor to help young people beginning a career in politics
experience work in a congressional office.
Kyles dream job is
to work in an embassy as a Foreign Service Officer for the State
Department, but he could see himself working on Capitol Hill in the future
or in the office of a California state legislator.
I
have multiple family members and close friends who have served or are
currently serving in our military, said Kyle. One of Congressman
Denhams priorities is veteran services, and I want to help him with that
in any way I can.
Kyle is the son of Keith and Gemma
Griffith.
JEFF
DENHAM
Which legislative priority is most important to you in
2014? Tax
reform Balancing the
budget Immigration reform Increasing water
supply/storage Enacting a five-year
farm bill Protecting
your 2nd Amendment rights Job creation Reducing the VA backlog Building the Keystone XL pipeline Other If you selected "Other" above, what is your top
legislative priority for 2014? *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If
you are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk
Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
