
Sunday, December 15, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: Fighting for Our Children
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Fighting for Our Children
Seeking Answers from MNsure
Honoring the Farmington Community
Mobile Office Coming to Northern Dakota County
Fighting for Our Children
Dear Friends,
Last year, each political party received about $18 million for political conventions. In 2008, $1.5 million was spent on catering alone during these conventions. One of our top priorities in Washington should be improving the quality of life of our children and grandchildren
not wasting taxpayer dollars on parties for politicians. To that end, I strongly supported the
Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act , which passed the U.S. House of Representatives this week. This bill, supported by several childrens advocacy organizations, reprioritizes federal resources by terminating funding for political party conventions and redirecting the funds towards pediatric medical research to improve the quality of life for children in Minnesota and across the country. You can read more
here .
Seeking Answers from MNsure
On Wednesday, the
Associated Press
reported Gov. Mark Dayton told a group of county officials that worries about MNsure keep him up at night. Due to the presidents health care law, Minnesotans are seeing their rates skyrocket or are losing their health insurance plans launch of HealthCare.gov and ongoing problems with the federal exchange are well documented, I am equally if not more concerned with complications caused by MNsure that directly affect my constituents. On Thursday, I sent a letter with Rep. Erik Paulsen to ask for a report on the problems Minnesotans are experiencing with the states health care exchange and what steps are being taken to remedy the errors. If you would like to see the letter, click
here .
Honoring the Farmington Community
Many of our friends and neighbors in Minnesotas 2nd district continue to step forward to help our veterans, troops, and their families. Last week, I honored the community of Farmington in a speech before the U.S. House of Representatives to commend their five-year anniversary as Minnesotas first Yellow Ribbon City. The Farmington Yellow Ribbon Network has helped to fulfill the Yellow Ribbon mission by reaching deeper into neighborhoods and communities to ensure service members and their families are not alone before, during, and after deployment. As Farmington has honored our sons and daughters in uniform, I appreciated the opportunity to honor them. You can view my remarks
here .
Mobile Office Visiting Northern Dakota County
As many of you know, I often host mobile office hours throughout communities in our district in order to assist you with any issues with the federal government and hear about what is important to you. My mobile office will make the following stops next week:
South St. Paul: 2-3 p.m. on Tuesday at South St. Paul City Hall, 125 3rd Ave N., South St. Paul.
Inver Grove Heights: 3:30-4:30 p.m. on Tuesday at Inver Glen Library, 8098 Blaine Ave. E., Inver Grove Heights.
Whether you need help locating a lost Social Security check, processing a visa or passport, claiming your veterans benefits, or navigating the federal bureaucracy, constituents are encouraged to visit my mobile office when it visits your city or nearby community.
Best wishes,
John Kline
Member of Congress
TOP NEWS
John Kline Toys for Tots Op-ed
Sun Thisweek | December 12
If Black Friday, Small Business Saturday, and Cyber Monday were not enough to remind us how quickly the holidays are approaching, the recent snowfall and arctic chill was a clear sign.
This time of year, families are planning travel and get-togethers, shopping, decorating, and preparing favorite meals. We think back to our childhood
calling to mind a special gift. Unfortunately, for too many families, this holiday brings few reasons to celebrate
which is particularly difficult for children.
As a father and grandfather, I understand our children are our nations most valuable resource. By investing in their lives, we invest in the future. The opportunity to improve life for our children is not limited to policymakers and community leaders. Each of us has a chance to make a difference in the life of one child.
The U.S. Marine Corps Toys for Tots has been a leader in giving back to children in Minnesota
and across the country. This year, I ask you again to join me in supporting the efforts of this special program that has made a difference for so many.
Read more.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here