
Friday January 3, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Grateful To Serve
Dear Friend:
As we start the New Year, I wanted to take this opportunity to share with you what an honor and privilege it has been to represent you in Congress over the past year.
Since taking office, I have witnessed firsthand the partisan gridlock and dysfunction of Washington, where compromise has become a dirty word and where leadership rewards obstruction and sabotage rather than independent thinking. This my way or the highway approach doesnt work in your family or business, and it certainly doesnt work in government. Washington is clearly broken. To be fixed, the tone must change from partisan bickering to bipartisan problem solving.
I came to Congress with a pledge to be bipartisan, to reach across the aisle and work with both Democrats and Republicans to get things done for our district. I stand by this pledge. The challenges we face will not be solved if we dont work together to find the middle ground. Common-sense solutions that can make a real difference for our country are possible, but they require compromise.
Although it has been disappointing to see many Members of Congress talk of bipartisanship but then vote differently, there were some spots of hope in 2013. I am hopeful that the recent budget deal, although far from perfect, is a positive first step to show the American people that Congress can work together to move our country forward on this and other issues that have been caught up in the gridlock for too long.
I thank you for the honor of serving you and look forward to continuing to work on your behalf in 2014. Together, we can help build a better and brighter future for the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches, and for our country.
With kind regards,
A Plan for Jobs
Although our economy is moving in the right direction, the unemployment rate remains too high. Fortunately, we have the tools at our disposal to simultaneously boost
job growth and reduce the deficit.
My jobs plan concentrates on pro-growth policies to make America the most competitive place to start new businesses and expand existing ones.
Click here to learn more about the jobs plan.
Protecting Local Waterways
The St. Lucie River and Indian River Lagoon are vital to the Treasure Coast, and their health and well-being must continue to be one of our top priorities.
Click here to learn more about my efforts to find real solutions to address the ongoing crisis in these local waterways .
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here