
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
December 3, 2013
You're invited to my Open House!
I am hosting my annual Open House this Saturday, December 7 from 12-2 p.m. at my Lakewood office. If you have questions about legislation, constituent services' programs, or are interested in meeting with me or my staff, please stop by. I look forward to meeting you.
When:
Saturday, December 7 from noon to 2PM.
Where:
Congressman Perlmutter's Colorado Office - 12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite B-400 - Lakewood, CO 80215 |
MAP
Click here to RSVP
or call my office at (303) 274-7944.
We Need a Budget That Creates Jobs
and Promotes Economic Growth
With only six days left in the legislative year we need to make this time count
Congress needs to pass legislation to help 2014 get started on the right track. We need to finish this year with a real budget that puts our economy on track to long-term, sustainable growth while continuing to cut the deficit. We can do this by focusing on a few key initiatives:
The "Make it in America" plan will reenergize manufacturing
Manufacturing continues to drive our economic recovery, and the best way to spur growth and reduce the debt is to get people back to work in good jobs making things in this country. I want to make sure we out-educate, out-innovate and out-build our competitors so we can strengthen American competitiveness, create jobs and ensure American workers can make it in America.
I believe we can reenergize our manufacturing sector by focusing in four key areas:
Adopt and pursue a national manufacturing strategy
Promote the export of U.S. goods
Encourage manufacturers to bring jobs and innovation back to America
Train and secure a 21st Century workforce
Click here
to learn more about our Make It In America plan.
Reinvesting in infrastructure will put Americans back to work and strengthen our economy in the long-term
Investing in roads, bridges and other transportation infrastructure increases efficiency in local economies, attracts businesses and fosters long-term economic growth.
According to the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE), over 60,000 bridges are deficient and poor surface transportation systems cost Americans around $130 billion last year alone. This is an obvious place where we can get to work.
Comprehensive Immigration Reform will help the economy
Five months ago, the Senate
passed an historic comprehensive immigration bill , and for five months, House Republican leadership ignored this bill. Despite bipartisan support for fixing our broken immigration system, House Republican leadership refuses to address immigration reform.
This continued avoidance of a critical issue is hurting the American economy, is slowing the creation of jobs and is stalling an opportunity to widen the tax base.
We know the American public stands with us as we work to fix a badly broken system. Comprehensive reform should focus on securing the borders, creating American jobs, and lowering our deficit. We must address immigration in a responsible, compassionate way that ensures those who are working hard, paying taxes, getting an education, learning English and not committing felonies or violent crimes have a path to become citizens of our country and achieve their American Dream.
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
