Click here to view this message in your browser.
Websi te
|
Biography
|
Constituent Services
|
The 16th District
|
Press Room
|
Committees
|
Contact
Dear Friends,
With the holidays upon us, we are all preparing for quality time with our family and friends. Before we say goodbye to 2013, I would like to take a moment to reflect on the past year and share some of the highlights with you.
Legislative Highlights:
This year I sponsored and the President signed into law H.R. 678, the Hydropower Development and Rural Jobs Act that I sponsored with Rep. Scott Tipton (R-CO). Every day, water flows thousands of miles across this nation in Bureau of Reclamation projects like canals, pipelines, and ditches, but because of regulatory barriers we miss opportunities to maximize its potential. My bill streamlines the path for development of small hydropower on these projects, which will create rural jobs and modernize the nation&rsquo;s water infrastructure.
I also was an original co-sponsor of a measure to expedite payment to veterans and remove barriers that prevent delivery of benefits. Specifically, the proposal would have allowed veterans filing multiple claims to receive compensation as VA adjudicates individual claims rather than waiting until all of their claims have been processed to receive any compensation. The commonsense bill was included in a broader bipartisan, comprehensive legislation to address the backlog at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs that won overwhelming support in the House, and I hope the Senate will act on this early in 2014.
Other Victories:
Delayed by two years funding cuts to Disproportionate Share Hospitals including Community Regional Medical Center, Children&rsquo;s Hospital (Madera), Madera Community Hospital, and Mercy Medical Center (Merced).
Secured a commitment from the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to allow authorized motor carriers to have the flexibility to subcontract or arrange freight with other authorized motor carriers during the busiest times of the year.
Constituent Successes:
A veteran from Merced County was having difficulties with his service connected benefits through the VA. After he contacted my office, we got his pending claim moved to a decision review officer at the Oakland VA.
His claim was approved, and he now receives his monthly service connected benefits that he is entitled to and as well as a retroactive payment back to the date from when he first filed his claim with the VA.
My staff is always standing by to help if you or your loved ones have encountered issues with a federal agency. Over the past year, my staff has helped 649 constituents in Fresno, Madera and Merced Counties find resolutions to their claims, aiding in the filing of over 100 of foreclosure assistance claims, and helped over 300 veterans with their benefits claims.
Priorities for the New Year:
Despite the legislative successes we have seen this year, there are still many challenges ahead and much work to be done. My top priorities for the New Year are:
Passing Farm Bill that will help bring certainty to our Valley economy.
Working with the Governor to improve water reliability throughout California and partnering with federal and state authorities to use all the available tools to offer relief from what will likely be our third straight dry year. We know this is going to be a very difficult year for water supply in our Valley and throughout the state; we need to act.
Passing immigration reform that will meet the needs of farmers and farm workers, labor and business, and the 11 million people still living in the shadows.
How Can I Help:
My staff and I regularly help constituents clear some of the red tape when dealing with federal agencies. Here are some of the important issues and agencies we can help with:
Social Security
Medicare
VA Claims
Passports
Foreclosure Assistance
There is much more work to do together next year, but I will keep fighting to improve the place we are all proud to call home. It&rsquo;s been a great pleasure and honor to represent you in Congress. I hope you have a happy and safe New Year - wishing you and your family the best in 2014 and beyond. Please
contact my office
if there is any way my office can assist you.
Happy Holidays,
Jim Costa
Member of Congress
Fresno Office
855 M Street, Suite 940
Fresno, CA 93721
Phone:559-495-1620
Fax:559-495-1027
Washington, DC Office
1314 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:202-225-3341
Fax: 202-225-9308
Click here to unsubscribe from e-newsletter updates
