
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Bringing Obamacare Stories to Senate Floor
This week, I have been speaking on the Senate floor about President
Obama's broken promises regarding Obamacare. During my remarks, I
shared stories I have received from Hoosiers across the state about how
the health care law is affecting their lives.
Click here
or on the image above to watch an
excerpt. Click here
to
share your Obamacare story with me.
_____
Free Pastor Saeed
Regardless of your religious beliefs, I hope you will join me in
calling for the release of Iranian American Pastor Saeed Abedini. An
American pastor who grew up in Iran, Pastor Saeed was unlawfully
detained last year while helping at an orphanage and visiting family.
He has been imprisoned in Iran over the past year for his Christian
faith.
The freedom to express religious beliefs and practices is a universal
human right. My prayer is that he will be freed from prison and allowed
to come home to his family. Click here
to learn more about this situation.
_____
House Passes Alicia Dawn Koehl Respect for National Cemeteries Act
On Wednesday, the House of Representatives passed my bill, the Alicia
Dawn Koehl Respect for National Cemeteries Act. The bill gives the U.S.
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and U.S. Department of the Army
authority to disinter an ineligible veteran buried in a national
cemetery despite current federal law which prevents an individual from
receiving a military burial if that veteran committed a federal or
state capital crime.
Michael L. Anderson shot and killed Indianapolis resident Alicia Dawn
Koehl on May 30 of last year. Anderson shot Koehl 13 times before
taking his own life and was later buried at Fort Custer National
Cemetery in Michigan with full military honors.
Current federal law already prohibits individuals who "have committed a
Federal or State capital crime but were unavailable for trial due to
death" from being buried in national cemeteries. After learning of
Anderson's burial and this law, the Koehl family contacted the VA and
requested that he be disinterred. The VA, however, said it could not
fix this unacceptable mistake because it didn't have authority to do
so. My bill gives the department the authority to right this wrong,
enforce current law and protect the integrity of our national
cemeteries and the heroes laid to rest at these hallowed grounds.
After more than a year of working with the Koehl family and the VA, we
are one step closer to seeing this legislation become law. I truly wish
this legislation was not needed and the tragic situation that
devastated a Hoosier family and left two children without their loving
mother never occurred. My legislation now heads to the President, and I
am urging him to sign this bill into law and allow Alicia's concern for
others to be her lasting legacy.
Coats in the News
Congress clears bill to disinter veteran involved in homicide
Indiana Senators Respond To Bipartisan Budget Deal
Coats Praises NIRPC Vote in Support of Illiana Expressway
Coats: Be wary of America's policy shift on Iran
Northwest Indiana approves Illiana Tollway
FEMA denies Howard Co. disaster declaration
_____
Stay Connected
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Bringing Obamacare Stories to Senate Floor
This week, I have been speaking on the Senate floor about President Obama&#8217;s broken
promises regarding Obamacare. During my remarks, I shared stories I have received from Hoosiers
across the state about how the health care law is affecting their lives.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch an excerpt.
Click
here
to share your Obamacare story with me.
Free
Pastor Saeed
Regardless
of your religious beliefs, I hope you will join me in calling for the release of Iranian American Pastor
Saeed Abedini.
An American pastor who grew
up in Iran,
Pastor Saeed
was unlawfully
detained last year while helping at an orphanage and visiting family.
He
has been imprisoned in Iran over the past year for his Christian faith.
The freedom to express religious beliefs
and practices is a universal human right. My prayer is that he will be freed from prison and allowed
to come home to his family.
Click
here
to learn more about this situation.
House
Passes Alicia Dawn Koehl Respect for National Cemeteries Act
On Wednesday, the
House
of Representatives
passed my bill,
the
Alicia Dawn Koehl Respect for National
Cemeteries Act . The bill gives the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and U.S. Department
of the Army authority to disinter an ineligible veteran buried in a national cemetery despite current
federal law which prevents an individual from receiving a military burial if that veteran committed
a
federal or state capital crime.
Michael L. Anderson shot and killed Indianapolis
resident Alicia Dawn Koehl on May 30 of last year. Anderson shot Koehl 13 times before taking his own
life and was later buried at Fort Custer National Cemetery in Michigan with full military honors.
Current federal law already prohibits individuals
who &#8220;have committed a Federal or State capital crime but were unavailable for trial due to death&#8221;
from being buried in national cemeteries. After learning of Anderson&#8217;s burial and this law, the
Koehl family contacted the VA and requested that he be disinterred. The VA, however, said it could not
fix this unacceptable mistake because it didn't have authority to do so. My bill gives the department
the authority to right this wrong, enforce current law and
protect the integrity of our
national cemeteries and the heroes laid to rest at these hallowed grounds.
After more
than a year of working with the Koehl family and the VA, we are one step closer to seeing this legislation
become law.
I truly wish this legislation was not needed and the tragic situation that devastated
a Hoosier family and left two children without their loving mother never occurred. My legislation now
heads to the President, and
I am urging him to sign this bill into law and allow Alicia&#8217;s
concern for others to be her lasting legacy.
Coats
in the News
Congress
clears bill to disinter veteran involved in homicide
Indiana
Senators Respond To Bipartisan Budget Deal
Coats
Praises NIRPC Vote in Support of Illiana Expressway
Coats:
Be wary of America's policy shift on Iran
Northwest
Indiana approves Illiana Tollway
FEMA
denies Howard Co. disaster declaration
Stay
Connected
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
