 Mail begin
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
MEET STEVE
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
January 13, 2014
As we begin year two of the 113th session of Congress,
there are many important issues facing our country and it's important
that I hear from you.
With the
start of the New Year underway, many Montanans like you will pledge to
make some resolutions and set goals to better your own lives. Washington
should be no
different.
While I remain committed to fixing Washingtons spending problem,
supporting free-market solutions for our healthcare system, and finding
solutions that help create good paying jobs for Montanans and the rest of
our nation, I welcome your thoughts on what Washington should address
during the next year.
As your
voice in Washington, it is not only my priority but also my job to
represent your interests and serve you. Please take a moment to share your
thoughts and ideas with me by answering the questions below.
Should
Congress focus on strengthening our economy? Yes- Our economy is still
struggling No- Our economy is already
improving Unsure To help put people
back to work, should Congress increase or decrease
spending? Increase Decrease Unsure Should the federal government be more or less involed in
delivering healthcare? Less involvement More
involvement Unsure Under ObamaCare
tens of thousands of Montanans have lost their personal health
coverage, faced higher premiums and deductibles, or lost access to their
doctors.
Do you think Congress should work to relieve Montanans of the
burdens of this law? Yes No- Not
yet Unsure Should Congress work toward
polices to decrease our nation's dependence on foreign oil and increase
domestic energy production? Increase Domestic Energy Production Decrease Domestic Energy Production I like our current energy
policy Unsure Should Congress work to
remove regulations that limit practices such as fracking, coal mining,
and oil drilling in the United States? Yes- We need to lift barriers to natural resource
development No - We need
more regulations on these practices I like our current energy policy and existing
regulations Unsure Should Congress put a
greater emphasis on protecting personal information like medical
records, phone calls, and emails? Yes- More protections are needed No- There are enough protections Unsure Should Congress limit the National Security
Agency's ability to collect phone records on millions of innocent
Americans? Yes- Our
privacy needs protection No- These national security measures are necessary Unsure *By answering this survey, you
are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble,
click here.
Happy New Year,
Washington D.C.
206
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-3211
Billings District
222 North 32nd Street
Suite 900
Billings, MT 59101
phone: 406-969-1736
Great Falls District
104 2nd Street South
Suite 103
Great Falls, MT 59404
phone: 406-315-3860
Helena District
910 N. Last Chance Gulch
Suite
B
Helena, MT 59601
phone: 406-502-1435
Missoula District
110 West Front Street
Missoula, MT
59802
phone: 406-926-2122
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
