
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
America's Major Policy Shift on Iran
In a recent address to the nation, President Barack Obama acknowledged
Iran "has been unwilling to meet its obligations to the international
community." In the same speech the president vowed to "prevent Iran
from obtaining a nuclear weapon."
But then the president announced a deal that permits Iran to continue
enriching uranium - a key ingredient of nuclear weapons. An agreement
allowing Iranians to continue enrichment activity is a profound and
dangerous reversal of long-standing U.S. policy toward Iran.
President Obama lauded the plan as a breakthrough that "achieves a
great deal." The question is, a great deal for whom?
This interim agreement abandons entirely a firm international consensus
and unanimous U.S. Senate view regarding curtailment of Iran's
enrichment capabilities. Six United Nations (UN) Security Council
resolutions have called for Iran to suspend all uranium enrichment
activities. All five of the permanent members of the Security Council -
China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States - voted
for these resolutions.
Additionally, I cosponsored a Senate Resolution calling on Iran to
accept the terms of these UN resolutions and abandon all enrichment
activities. The resolution passed the Senate unanimously, including the
vote of then-senator and now Secretary of State John Kerry. The recent
agreement with Iran ignores and undermines all of this and instead
concedes an ability for the country to enrich uranium in perpetuity.
In return, the six-month agreement lifts an estimated $7 billion in
sanctions levied against Iran, turning on a spigot of money to a
country that has backed terrorism, repeatedly threatened Israel and
seeks to upend the balance of power in the volatile Middle East region.
The existing and critical sanctions regime took years of negotiations
with our allies. Under this new plan, the United States and its allies
would begin to dismantle sanctions before we can verify that leaders in
Tehran have lived up to their part of the bargain and taken tangible
steps to stop the growth of their uranium enrichment capabilities. This
policy of trust-then-verify is completely backwards.
Then there is the question of compliance.
Time and again the Iranians have broken, disregarded and ignored UN
agreements and Security Council mandates. The UN Treaty on the
Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons prohibits the proliferation of
nuclear weapons while protecting the right of countries to develop
nuclear power. Although Iran signed this treaty and claims it is only
pursuing nuclear energy, it has defied the world by enriching uranium
to levels far beyond what is needed for nuclear power and in amounts
greatly exceeding their needs.
Additionally, Iran has a history of denying or blocking UN inspectors
from examining their most critical and sensitive nuclear sites,
including those developed in absolute secrecy - contrary to their
international commitments.
Iran's pattern of noncompliance with this treaty and numerous UN
Security Council resolutions is reason enough to question their
reliability, credibility, and intentions, and to justify continued
sanctions.
Short of any potential military options, sanctions are the best
leverage we have to preclude a hostile state from becoming another
nuclear power. I am deeply concerned the administration's interim deal
with Iran weakens our leverage in exchange for only cosmetic
concessions and self-imposed, unreliable and inadequate limitations on
Iran's nuclear program.
If these sanctions are lifted by even the slightest amount, what would
discourage Iran from obtaining more centrifuges to enrich uranium? How
easily could Iran reverse its promised steps and reestablish the links
needed to enrich uranium to weapons grade? And once Iran accesses its
frozen accounts and receives an influx of cash, will it be too late to
determine compliance before the damage has been done?
Given the consequences at stake, Congress must exercise strict
oversight and demand answers from the administration to ensure that any
agreement with Iran is verifiable and monitored closely to identify
issues of non-compliance.
We must at the very least ensure that any
sanctions relief follows - not precedes - complete and verified Iranian
compliance with the terms of this agreement.
We all share the goal of stopping Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons
capability. However, until Tehran proves to the United States that it
is committed to abandoning its nuclear weapons ambitions, we must
remain steadfast in exerting the utmost pressure on Iran.
Coats in the News
Coats: Indiana's Credit Ratings Again Show Need for Hoosier Model in
Washington
Indiana Delegation Urges President to Support Governor Pence's Request
for Federal Assistance for Howard County
Coats, Kirk Tout Benefits Of Illiana Expressway
Replace irreparable Obamacare with sensible, affordable health care
solutions
_____
Coats Photos
It was great to be in Merrillville today to host a free tech workshop
with Google for Hoosier small businesses.
Pack the Pantry ends Saturday! Join my office in helping Hoosier
families at the Ronald McDonald House of Indiana. Click here
to learn more.
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
America&#8217;s Major Policy Shift on Iran
In a recent address to the nation, President Barack Obama acknowledged Iran &#8220;has been unwilling
to meet its obligations to the international community.&#8221; In the same speech the president vowed
to &#8220;prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon.&#8221;
But then the president announced a deal that permits Iran to continue enriching uranium &#8211; a
key ingredient of nuclear weapons. An agreement allowing Iranians to continue enrichment activity is
a profound and dangerous reversal of long-standing U.S. policy toward Iran.
President Obama lauded the plan as a breakthrough that &#8220;achieves a great deal.&#8221; The question
is, a great deal for whom?
This interim agreement abandons entirely a firm international
consensus and unanimous U.S. Senate view regarding curtailment of Iran&#8217;s enrichment capabilities.
Six United Nations (UN) Security Council resolutions have called for Iran to suspend all uranium enrichment
activities. All five of the permanent members of the Security Council &#8211; China, France, Russia,
the United Kingdom and the United States &#8211; voted for these resolutions.
Additionally, I cosponsored a Senate Resolution calling on Iran to accept the terms of these UN resolutions
and abandon all enrichment activities. The resolution passed the Senate unanimously, including the vote
of then-senator and now Secretary of State John Kerry. The recent agreement with Iran ignores and undermines
all of this and instead concedes an ability for the country to enrich uranium in perpetuity.
In return, the six-month agreement lifts an estimated $7 billion in sanctions levied against Iran,
turning on a spigot of money to a country that has backed terrorism, repeatedly threatened Israel and
seeks to upend the balance of power in the volatile Middle East region.
The existing and critical sanctions regime took years of negotiations with our allies. Under this
new plan, the United States and its allies would begin to dismantle sanctions before we can verify that
leaders in Tehran have lived up to their part of the bargain and taken tangible steps to stop the growth
of their uranium enrichment capabilities. This policy of trust-then-verify is completely backwards.
Then there is the question of compliance.
Time and again the Iranians have broken, disregarded and ignored UN agreements and Security Council
mandates. The UN Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons prohibits the proliferation of nuclear
weapons while protecting the right of countries to develop nuclear power. Although Iran signed this treaty
and claims it is only pursuing nuclear energy, it has defied the world by enriching uranium to levels
far beyond what is needed for nuclear power and in amounts greatly exceeding their needs.
Additionally, Iran has a history of denying or blocking UN inspectors from examining their most critical
and sensitive nuclear sites, including those developed in absolute secrecy &#8211; contrary to their
international commitments.
Iran&#8217;s pattern of noncompliance with this treaty and numerous UN Security Council resolutions
is reason enough to question their reliability, credibility, and intentions, and to justify continued
sanctions.
Short of any potential military options, sanctions are the best leverage we have to preclude a hostile
state from becoming another nuclear power. I am deeply concerned the administration&#8217;s interim deal
with Iran weakens our leverage in exchange for only cosmetic concessions and self-imposed, unreliable
and inadequate limitations on Iran&#8217;s nuclear program.
If these sanctions are lifted by even the slightest amount, what would discourage Iran from obtaining
more centrifuges to enrich uranium? How easily could Iran reverse its promised steps and reestablish
the links needed to enrich uranium to weapons grade? And once Iran accesses its frozen accounts and receives
an influx of cash, will it be too late to determine compliance before the damage has been done?
Given the consequences at stake, Congress must exercise strict oversight and demand answers from
the administration to ensure that any agreement with Iran is verifiable and monitored closely to identify
issues of non-compliance.
We must at the very least ensure that any sanctions relief follows &#8211;
not precedes &#8211; complete and verified Iranian compliance with the terms of this agreement.
We all share the goal of stopping Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons capability. However, until
Tehran proves to the United States that it is committed to abandoning its nuclear weapons ambitions,
we must remain steadfast in exerting the utmost pressure on Iran.
Coats
in the News
Coats:
Indiana&#8217;s Credit Ratings Again Show Need for Hoosier Model in Washington
Indiana
Delegation Urges President to Support Governor Pence&#8217;s Request for Federal Assistance for Howard
County
Coats,
Kirk Tout Benefits Of Illiana Expressway
Replace
irreparable Obamacare with sensible, affordable health care solutions
Coats
Photos
It
was great to be in Merrillville today to host a free tech workshop with Google for Hoosier small businesses.
Pack
the Pantry ends Saturday! Join my office in helping Hoosier families at the Ronald McDonald House of
Indiana. Click
here
to learn more.
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
