
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th
District
A "No" Vote on
Spending
Dear
Friends:
Last month, I voted against
the Ryan-Murray budget deal because, while I recognized its value in
averting another costly and chaotic government shutdown, it ignored
the budget caps set into law by the Budget Control Act of 2011
(BCA).
These budget caps, otherwise known as the sequester, were
necessary in that they were helping to keep spending under
control.
Since coming to Congress,
I have worked hard to reform the Pentagon in order to help reduce
spending without compromising our national security.
The massive
discretionary spending bill that Congress passed this week - H.R. 3547,
the Consolidated Appropriations Act for FY14 - followed the same
blueprint set forth in the budget deal in that it ignored the spending caps
set forth under the BCA by restoring $22 billion in defense cuts
without reforming the way the Pentagon operates in order to reduce cost to
the taxpayers.
Simply ignoring the sequester and reinstating cuts that, while
painful, were having a positive impact on runaway Federal government
spending was a solution that most of my colleagues agreed with, as evidenced
by the 359-67 vote in favor of the bill.
However, I came to
Washington to offer and vote for bold solutions to the issues plaguing our
nations capital.
The BCA was one such bold solution, and I am
not prepared to vote for legislation that simply ignores it.
I
fully admit that operating under the BCA caps was not easy; but bold
solutions to difficult problems never are.
I agree that the
across-the-board nature of the cuts to the discretionary budget under the BCA was
harmful because it gave equal weight to Federal programs that are vital
and should not be cut to those that are ineffective and should have
been eliminated a long time ago.
However, that problem can be
fixed by prioritizing spending within the BCA
caps.
As your elected representative in the
U.S. House, I assure you I will continue to work hard to reform the
Pentagon to make sure that every dollar appropriated for the defense of
our country is effectively spent for that purpose, and I will
continue to reject proposals that simply delay or ignore the difficult
decisions that we as a nation must make.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S.
Representative
If you would
like to sign up to receive regular email updates from Mike, please
visit
this link
$ 18,037,518,966,294
Share on
Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on
Twitter
U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman
will meet
one-on-one
with constituents
at the Smoky Hill Library, 5430 So. Biscay
Circle, Centennial, CO
80015, on
Saturday, January,
18th
from 10:00-11:30 AM.
Constituents
are invited to
come to the library to discuss issues that are important to them
with
Rep. Coffman.
This event is exclusively for constituents of the 6th
Congressional
District.
Coffman:
Helping veterans land jobs
By U.S. Rep. Mike
Coffman
DenverPost.com
Published January 11, 2014
With the Iraq War over and our involvement in
Afghanistan winding down, the military is getting ready to downsize. Many more
veterans will soon be forced to make the transition from the military
to civilian life.
I
joined the Army after my junior year of high school, earned a high
school diploma through an Army program, and was accepted at the University
of Colorado before I left active duty. Needless to say, attending the
University of Colorado as a young, single veteran was a great
experience, both academically and socially. I was able to cover most of the
cost of going to college under the educational benefits that I had
earned through my military service.
This program was commonly called the GI Bill when I went to
CU and it is now referred to as the Post 9/11 GI
Bill.
No doubt, our military families have
already been stressed by the multiple deployments of their service
members and they now face more anxiety with the uncertain future of having
to leave the military. Many of those who have recently left the
military, or are soon to leave, are not interested in using their
educational benefits to get a four-year college degree, but would much rather
have a job so they can better support their
families.
Our veterans are tremendously talented
but need help transitioning their military skills to civilian
employment. A Marine Corps infantry rifleman serving in Afghanistan will not
have the technical skills to transition directly from his military
occupational field to a civilian one. However, like so many others who
serve our country, they come with leadership skills, teahousmwork, and a
sense of determination and urgency to accomplish whatever task they
are given.
My
legislation, H.R. 1412, the Improving Job Opportunities for Veterans Act, will
provide incentives for employers to hire our veterans so they can make
that transition to a civilian job.
There is a little-known and underutilized program that
allows veterans to use their educational benefits to take advantage of
job training through apprenticeship programs. Under this program, a
veteran's GI Bill benefits can be used to help pay their salaries instead
of paying for college. Additionally, the salary is split between a
veteran's benefits and an employer, with the employer picking up more of
the cost as the veteran gains experience.
The Veterans Job Opportunity Act will expand the
program by requiring that the Department of Veterans Affairs notify all
military personnel of the program before they are discharged from active
duty. It then further incentivizes private-sector employers to hire
veterans by increasing the share of the salary that the VA will pay, and
it will open up opportunities in the public sector as well by making
all agencies of the federal government participate in the
program.
This is a common-sense bill
that will benefit not only our returning veterans but also employers,
who will experience the value of employing a
veteran.
The Veterans Job Opportunity Act passed
the House of Representatives unanimously last year and is now awaiting
action in the
Senate.
Congressman demands answers
about killing at Truman VA hospital
By Alan
Burdziak
ColumbiaTribune.com
Published:
January 16,
2014
A
Colorado congressman is seeking answers from the U.S. Department of
Veterans Affairs about an elderly man's beating death at the hands of
another patient last year at Truman Memorial Veterans' Hospital in
Columbia.
Rep. Mike Coffman , a Republican representing
Colorado's Sixth District and chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight
and Investigations, wrote a letter to VA Secretary Eric Shinseki
demanding an unredacted copy of a report on the incident and asking if any
action was taken against hospital staffers involved. The subcommittee is
part of the House Committee on Veterans'
Affairs.
Rudy Perez Jr.
first attacked 78-year-old Robert O. Hill at about 3:10 p.m. Feb. 1. The
two were separated, but after Perez, now 34, had calmed down and Hill
was treated in the emergency department, they both were put back in
the common area of the inpatient mental health unit at Truman. Two
minutes after Hill returned to the unit, at 6:22 p.m., Perez attacked him
again. Hill was taken to University Hospital, where he died around
10:30
p.m.
An administrative investigative board
issued a report last March that said contributing factors in Hill's
beating death included ineffective communication among staffers and
between law enforcement agencies, "a sense of complacency" among some
hospital staff and a failure to provide a safe environment for the
victim.
Truman spokesman Stephen Gaither referred
questions about Coffman's inquiry to the VA's Washington, D.C., office. A VA
official in Washington confirmed the letter has been received and
said Shinseki will respond to
Coffman.
The Tribune
obtained a copy of the report into Hill's death last week through a
Freedom of Information Act
request.
In addition
to the full report, Coffman asked what administrative action was taken
against clinical staff and officials at the hospital and, if none was
taken, "please explain the rationale for that
decision."
Gaither said last week that no one was disciplined for the
incident. He and hospital Chief of Staff Lana Zerrer said the hospital
has taken several steps to avoid a similar incident in the future.
Spencer Eisenmenger, an attorney who represents Hill's sons, did not
respond to a call seeking
comment.
In his letter,
Coffman asked for the information within 30 days. Coffman was not
available for
comment.
Perez was charged with
first-degree murder in February. After two psychiatric exams, he was deemed
unfit to stand trial. A Boone County Circuit Court judge in September
accepted his plea of not guilty by reason of insanity and remanded
him to the custody of the state Department of Mental Health. He is being
housed at the 186-bed Biggs Forensic Unit, a maximum-security area at
Fulton State
Hospital.
Steve Walsh, press
secretary for Rep. Vicky Hartzler, Republican congresswoman for Missouri's
Fourth District, which includes Columbia, provided this statement via
email:
"During her recent visit to the Truman
VA Medical Center, Congresswoman Hartzler heard from administrators
regarding the tragic events of last February and efforts to address
security concerns. Like Congressman Coffman, she awaits General Shinseki's
response."
Washington Office
2443
Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
