
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
January 12, 2014
Lynns Weekly Update: Monthly Jobs Report;
Protecting Volunteer Firefighters; Open Markets Benefit Kansas; Health
Care Website Security; Making Energy
Affordable
Where Are the Jobs?
The U.S. economy added a
dismal 74,000 jobs in December
the smallest
amount of jobs added in a single month since January 2011. Before
December, the economy was adding more than 200,000 jobs per month on average.
Although the unemployment rate fell, once again, this is primarily due
to more and more discouraged workers staying home and giving up
looking for work. I call on the Senate to take up one or more of the
dozens of jobs bills
the peoples House has passed
that would help improve job training, expand energy and infrastructure
development, promote education and innovation, and protect small
businesses from the Presidents health care law. This is not a Republican
issue or a Democrat issue. It is about getting this country back on the
right track and getting Americans back to work.
Click
here
to watch my remarks at the weekly House leadership press
conference.
Protecting Volunteer
Firefighters From Health Care Law's Mandate
On Wednesday,
I spoke on the House Floor in support of H.R. 3685, the
Protecting Volunteer Firefighters &amp; Emergency Responders
Act of 2013
to prevent our volunteer firefighters and EMTs from
being penalized under the Presidents health care law. As the daughter
of a former Kansas State Fire Marshall, I understand how important
these volunteers are to keeping our communities safe. In Kansas, there are
550 volunteer fire departments that are staffed by 13,000 volunteer
firefighters, and the Presidents healthcare law threatens to penalize
them by counting them as full-time employees and possibly subjecting
their departments to the employer mandate tax. It is my hope this
bipartisan legislation will fix this mistake.
Click
here
to watch my remarks on the House floor.
More Trade, Means More Kansas
Jobs
With one in five Kansas jobs dependent on trade,
opening markets is essential for growing the Kansas economy. This
week, the House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp (R-MI), Senate
Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus (D-MT) and Ranking Member Orrin
Hatch (R-Utah) introduced the
Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities Act of 2014
to
improve trade talks and deliver agreements that boost U.S. exports, create
American jobs, and grow the economy. In Kansas, exports bring in more
than $11.5 billion for the state and local communities. This
legislation is vital for Kansas agriculture producers and manufacturers who
will benefit from more open markets as a result of improved trade
negotiations. I applaud Chairman Camp and Chairman Baucus on their efforts
and urge the President to support this bipartisan agreement. For a
two-page summary of the bill, please
click here .
Increasing Security,
Transparency Of Health Care Website
This week, the House
passed H.R. 3811, the
Health Exchange Security and
Transparency Act of 2014 ,
to require the Department of Health
and Human Services (HHS) to notify Americans, within two business days,
of any breach of security of the federal or state exchanges that may
have resulted in personally-identifiable information being stolen or
unlawfully accessed.
Health care is a personal issue and Kansans
are very worried about submitting their sensitive and private
information into a system that cant protect them against the devastating
consequences of security breaches and fraud. Much more is required of
private-sector companies whose products are not mandated by law. The least
the administration can do is notify Americans if their information has
been stolen or unlawfully accessed through an ObamaCare exchange.
Click here
to watch my remarks on the House
floor.
Making Energy More Affordable
This week, I became an
original cosponsor of the bipartisan H.R. 3826, the
Electricity Security and Affordability Act . This bill will
provide a reasonable alternative to the Environmental Protection Agencys
(EPA) proposed greenhouse gas standards for new and existing commercial
power plants, and prohibit the EPA from acting beyond its legal
authority by proposing unworkable regulations that would make it impossible
to build a new coal-fired power plant in America. This legislation
helps build toward an all-of-the-above energy strategy that includes
coal, natural gas, nuclear, renewables and oil. This bill will also
protect jobs and the economy from regulations that have the potential to
significantly increase electricity prices and impact electric
reliability. Abundant energy is affordable energy. To view a summary of
H.R. 3826
click here .
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Emergency unemployment benefits recently expired causing benefits to
revert back to the standard 26 weeks (6 months). Which of the following would you
do? Extend emergency unemployment
benefits as long as they don't increase the deficit. Extend emergency unemployment benefits
even if they increase the deficit. Do not extend emergency unemployment
benefits.
Please
subscribe me to your Enewsletter If you are having trouble, click here. Share on
Facebook Share on
Twitter
Please
Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C.
20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway
Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th
Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620)
231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
