
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
January 03, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
Meet Rodney
|
11th
District
Services
|
Newsroom
|
Contact
Rodney
The Week Just Passed: The New Year brings New Opportunity
Targeting the Security of
Healthcare.gov
Be Prepared: More Winter
Ahead!
This Weeks Salute: John Amerspek and the Greatest
Generation
Lech Walesa: The U.S. no longer leads the
world
The Week Just
Passed: The New Year brings New Opportunity
Now that
the holiday season is behind us, Congress is preparing to continue its
work for the American people.
We all know that our
national debt is climbing at an alarming rate. With more than $17.2 trillion
in debt, the need for solutions and real action could not be more
clear.
In recent weeks, the Appropriations Committee has been
at work implementing Decembers bipartisan budget agreement.
The bill we bring to the House in the next few weeks not only holds the
line on spending, it actually puts a dent in our annual deficit
a
significant accomplishment. In addition, our bill will open the door for
future progress on the problem of runaway entitlements, and paves the
way toward budget and economic stability for the next two
years.
As we are all painfully aware, over the last few years, the
greatest challenge for lawmakers has been refusal to reach across the
aisle and find areas of agreement. All too often, weve focused on our
differences. Since 2009, due to the inability or unwillingness to
negotiate (particularly on the budget), the federal government has depended
on short-term funding agreements.
As a result, Congress power
of the purse
the annual appropriations process
has, in effect,
been ceded to the President and his administration.
What we
need is a long-term budget plan, not a temporary fix that does
nothing to rebuild a strong and healthy economy.
And we must restore
regular order to the Congressional appropriations process which
will allow us to get our work done on time with transparency and
accountability.
The holidays are over. We have flipped the
calendar to 2014.
Change is in the wind.
In 2014,
Congress and the President can and should prove that weve learned the
lessons of the past.
Yes, it is possible to hold fast to our
principles while working
together
for the good of
the country and the American people.
That should be
Washingtons New Years resolution, in addition to
guaranteeing
that members of our armed services and civilians who
work around the world in harms way are protected and their missions
fully supported.
Considering deteriorating conditions in many
countries in the Middle East - Lebanon, Jordan, Egypt, Syria - the
largely unreported disaster that this Administration created with our
precipitous withdrawal from Iraq, and the likelihood of a similar
scenario unfolding in Afghanistan, we need to be prepared for
every
eventuality with military and intelligence resources
at the ready!
Rodney Frelinghuysen
Targeting the
Security of Healthcare.gov
The House of Representatives
will vote next week on legislation designed to protect the privacy and
security of consumers who use the Presidents new healthcare website,
Healthcare.gov.
The proposal would require the government to
notify individuals if their personal information has been compromised on
Healthcare.gov.
Readers of recent editions of Rodneys
e-News know that he has been concerned about the security of
Healthcare.gov for some time.
In fact, back in early November, he wrote,
Americans need to know that their sensitive personal information will be
protected if they visit the healthcare exchanges. Unfortunately, each
passing day brings more about concern about Healthcare.govs security,
as well as the administrations ability to identify and fix the
lingering problems.
The fear is that domestic and foreign hackers
may be able to access confidential information about your health
history and needs.
Recently, there have been widespread media
reports about the data breach at Target in which hackers gained access
to the financial information of millions of customers.
In
addition, a recent study by the credit report bureau Experian warned that the
healthcare industry would be the most susceptible to data breaches in
2014.
Healthcare.gov appears to be an attractive target
for hackers for several reasons:
A vastly complex
system, 8 times the code size of Windows 8
itself a massive attack
target;
A system used by millions of Americans for whom
identity theft would be a devastating problem;
A system
that collects sensitive, personal information;
A
system thrown together without security in mind, untested, unable to detect
breaches;
A system that connects with other federal
agency data systems, containing data on every man, woman, and child in
America;
A system where the owner (the federal
government) is immune from legal liability for mishandling
data.
The bill scheduled for consideration in the House next week will
mandate disclosure to consumers.
Recommended
Reading:
President Obamas health care law could face
additional obstacles to success in 2014 even if problems with the website are
ironed out. Kimberly Atkins,
writing
in the
Monday
Boston Herald , says issues with
taxes and penalties loom.
Recommended
Reading : The Presidents new healthcare law includes so many taxes that it's
hard to keep track, but one of the worst took effect yesterday - a
levy on health insurance premiums that targets the small business and
individual markets. Read A Large New Tax on Small Business in the
Wall Street Journal
here .
This Weeks Salute: John Amerspek and the
Greatest Generation
A New Jersey hero passed away on
Christmas morning and was laid to rest on Monday.
John
Amerspek, a decorated World War II veteran who rose to become a longtime
director at Picatinny Arsenal and one of its staunchest defenders in his
retirement years, was 92.
Like so many of the Greatest
Generation, John Amerspek knew the necessity of accepting ones
responsibilities and was willing to make sacrifices for his country, Rodney
said. From his Army service in North Africa, Anzio and other critical
campaigns in World War II, to his leadership as senior Director at
Picatinny Arsenal and the National Defense Industry Association and CRISP
in retirement, John Amerspek made countless contributions to our
national security.
He continued: The simple bronze plaque
outside the John Amerspek Conference Room at Picatinny Arsenal, describes
him as Soldier, Leader, Patriot. Anyone who had had the privilege of
knowing John understood that he fit those descriptions
precisely.
Recommended Reading :
Cheryl Chumleys
story
in the Thursday
Washington
Times , Anti-communist icon decries Obama: U.S. no
longer leads the world.
Contact Information
WASHINGTON,
D.C.
2306 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC
20515-3011
(202) 225-5034
NEW JERSEY
30 Schuyler Place,
Second Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
(973) 984-0711
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
