 Mail begin
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media
Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
December 08, 2013
Capitol Corner: House Passes Bill to
Give TSA Unclaimed Change to Armed
Forces
This week, the House of Representatives passed H.R. 1095, the TSA
Loose Change Act.
Over the last two years, the Transportation
Security Administration (TSA) has collected approximately $465,000 in
change that has been left at airport security checkpoints. H.R. 1095 would
direct the TSA to donate all unclaimed money left at airport security
checkpoints to nonprofit organizations that provide places of rest and
recuperation at airports for members of the armed forces and their
families. Currently, the TSA keeps this money for themselves, creating
what amounts to an unregulated slush fund for the agency. I am a proud
cosponsor of this legislation.
If
signed into law, this bill would directly benefit the USO Lounge at
Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Airport, which is a well-deserved benefit
for our brave men and women who serve in the armed forces. I cant think
of a better way to use this lost change than to support our military
service members. With the drawdown in Iraq and Afghanistan, in 2012
the military centralized its charter flights into Hartsfield. More than
1,000 volunteers work at the USO to greet incoming troops, and on
special holidays like Thanksgiving and Christmas volunteers chefs from
some of Atlantas top restaurants come to cook for the troops in the USO
Lounge.
While the TSA plays a
role in keeping our nation secure and Americans safe as they travel
within the United States and around the world, I dont think that a
government agency should benefit from taxpayer errors. They are entrusted
with protecting travelers and should not profit from their work.
It
just sends the wrong message to the American
public.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Laying Down the L.A.W.
Blog
Westmoreland on The Kelly File to Discuss Ongoing Benghazi
Investigation
On Tuesday, November 26, 2013, I joined
Megyn Kelly on "The Kelly File" to discuss the House Permanent Select
Committee on Intelligence's ongoing investigation into the September
11th Benghazi attacks.
Please watch the full interview on
my website , visit my
YouTube page , or on
Fox News .
Join the Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In
Other News
My Fox
Atlanta:
Bill would give TSA-collected change to military
groups
The Transportation Security Administration
is cashing in on the loose change air travelers are leaving at airport
security checkpoints...
Wall Street Journal: U.S. Employers Add 203,000 Jobs;
Unemployment Rate Falls to Five-Year Low
U.S.
employers hired at a steady pace in November and the unemployment rate fell
to its lowest level in five years, signs of a strengthening labor
market that will intensify debate at the Federal Reserve about paring back
bond purchases as early as this month...
New York Times:Considering Which Head or
Heads May Roll for a Troubled Website Rollout
White
House officials, asserting that the HealthCare.gov website is largely
fixed, are under mounting pressure from Democrats and close allies to
hold senior-level people accountable for the botched rollout of
President Obamas signature domestic achievement and to determine who should
be fired...
Wall Street
Journal: Tally of U.S. Banks Sinks to Record Low
The
number of banking institutions in the U.S. has dwindled to its lowest
level since at least the Great Depression, as a sluggish economy,
stubbornly low interest rates and heightened regulation take their toll on
the sector...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington, DC
20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770)
683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
