
DEC
20
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
During debate on the budget bill this week,
I took to the Senate floor repeatedly
to urge my colleagues to work together to replace a provision in the legislation that unfairly targets military retirees by cutting their retirement benefits by $6 billion.
With billions in wasteful spending throughout government, it's a false choice to suggest that the government would shut down unless military retiree benefits are cut. Although I introduced two proposals to replace these unfair cuts, the Senate Majority Leader and Senate Democrats blocked all amendments to the budget proposal from being considered and voted on.
I believe that passing this budget with these offensive cuts in it and promising to fix it later was a cop out and no comfort to our military retirees, who now have to rely on Washington politicians to change a law they voted for. We cannot allow this provision to stand, and I'm honored to have the
support
of members of the veterans community in New Hampshire and nationally who have helped bring attention to this issue.
I've introduced legislation - the Keeping Our Promise to Our Military Heroes Act - that would repeal and replace these cuts by closing a loophole that allows illegal immigrants to fraudulently claim the child tax credit, and I hope the Senate will consider my proposal as a way to fix this problem.
See below for more about this debate - and click
here
to read my op-ed.
On Thursday, the Senate passed the annual defense policy bill, which supports the men and women of our armed forces and their families and authorizes the equipment, training, and resources that our service members need to complete their missions. I'm pleased that the final legislation includes provisions I fought for that will strengthen Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and Pease Air National Guard Base, and support our veterans and military families.
The bill also includes major reforms to address sexual assaults in the military - including a bipartisan measure I authored with Senator Patty Murray (D-WA) that will provide a trained military lawyer to victims of sexual assault in all military branches.
These reforms will help protect and empower victims of sexual assault, boost prosecutions of sexual predators, and hold military commanders responsible for what happens in their units.
Please see below for more details.
Yesterday I helped introduce bipartisan legislation that proposes additional sanctions on Iran should the regime violate the interim Joint Plan of Action agreed to last month in Geneva or should Iran fail to reach a final agreement.
We cannot allow the world's worst state sponsor of terrorism to acquire the world's most dangerous weapon, and this proposal gives Iran a choice: honor its agreements and permanently and verifiably end its nuclear weapons program, or face additional sanctions.
Whether you're heading out to enjoy the snow or doing some last minute Christmas shopping, I hope you have a good weekend!
Veterans and Military Organizations Stand With Senator Ayotte in Opposing Military Retiree Benefits Cuts
Representatives of veterans and military service organizations stood with Senator Ayotte this week in opposing cuts to military retirement benefits included in the budget proposal.
Here's what some of them had to say:
VADM John Totushek, USN (Ret.), Executive Director of the Association of the United States Navy:
"Forcing our servicemembers, military retirees and even disabled Veterans to reduce their cost-of-living adjustment (COLA) to 1% below inflation per year as mandated by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 is not right and sends the wrong message to our Sailors, Veterans and their families.
The Association of the United States Navy (AUSN)
greatly appreciates the efforts by Senator Ayotte
and her colleagues who share the belief that this country owes it to our servicemembers to honor promises made to them and not to make $6 billion of cost savings off of the service and commitment they have given to our military."
Major General (Ret.) Gus Hargett, President of the National Guard Association of the United States : "I think it is wrong to achieve savings at the expense of those who serve and have served. NGAUS appreciates Senator Ayotte's unwavering commitment to our Nation's service members and military retirees."
Norb Ryan, President, Military Officers Association of America:
"On behalf of the over 380,000 members of the Military Officers Association of America, I wanted to personally thank Senator Ayotte for her opposition to the proposal within the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 which penalizes future uniformed service retirees and current retirees under the age of 62 with a reduction in the annual cost-of-living adjustment. Senator Ayotte has stood up for those who have served and are willing to serve the Nation for two decades or more."
Louis Celli, Director, National Legislative Division, American Legion : "Today was supposed to be celebrated as a grand bipartisan step forward in the legislative process. The American Legion is here to tell you, that it is not. Today will go down in history as the day Congress turned their backs on veterans everywhere by selling out 0.2 percent of the American population - that's who this affects -- and asking them to be financially responsible to pay for sequestration."
Final Defense Bill Includes Ayotte Legislation to Address Sexual Assault in Military; Shipyard, Pease Priorities
The U.S. Senate on Thursday approved the Fiscal Year 2014 defense authorization bill, which includes several proposals authored or cosponsored by Senator Ayotte - including major reforms aimed at combating sexual assault in the military. The defense bill also includes provisions Senator Ayotte fought for that are priorities for Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and Pease Air National Guard Base.
Highlights of Ayotte Provisions Included in Fiscal Year 2014 Defense Authorization Bill:
Combating Military Sexual Assault
Ayotte, a former prosecutor and state attorney general, worked with Senator Murray and with Senator Claire McCaskill (D-MO) for much of the year on legislation to ensure that victims of sexual assault in the military receive the support they need, criminals are punished for their crimes, and commanders are held accountable for what happens in their units.
The defense bill contains major reforms to protect and support victims of sexual assault, boost prosecutions, and hold military commanders accountable -- including a key provision authored by Ayotte and Murray that will provide sexual assault victims in all military branches with a Special Victims' Counsel, a trained military lawyer to guide the victim throughout the difficult legal process.
The final bill also includes Ayotte-Murray language aimed at improving support for victims of sexual assault in the National Guard and Reserve.
Protecting Portsmouth Naval Shipyard
Senators Ayotte and Shaheen, as Ranking Member and Chair of the Senate Armed Services Readiness Subcommittee, worked together to oppose the Administration's request for another Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round.
The Senators also worked together to authorize a project to consolidate structural workshops at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, which will save time and money, and allow the skilled workers at Portsmouth to continue to provide the highest quality maintenance that is so critical to the readiness of our attack submarine fleet.
The New Hampshire Senators also helped ensure that the Navy could build a second Virginia Class submarine in fiscal year 2014.
KC-46A Tanker
The bill authorizes the Air Force's request for $1.6 billion in research and development for the KC-46A -- the next-generation air refueling tanker which will replace the Eisenhower-era fleet of KC-135 tankers. In May, the Air Force announced that Pease Air National Guard Base has been selected as the first Air National Guard base to receive the tanker. Senator Ayotte worked with Senator Shaheen during the past year and a half to advocate strongly for Pease and the 157th Air Refueling Wing to receive the new tanker.
Doble Army Reserve Center
Senator Ayotte successfully led efforts to include in the defense bill a measure that will allow the Army to transfer land at the Doble Army Reserve Center in Portsmouth to the City of Portsmouth for public benefit, including for a park or recreational use.
Read more .
Bipartisan Legislation Aimed at Preventing a Nuclear Iran
On Thursday, Senator Ayotte helped introduce the Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act of 2013 - bipartisan legislation proposing additional sanctions on Iran should the regime violate the interim Joint Plan of Action agreed to last month in Geneva or should Iran fail to reach a final agreement. The bill was introduced by Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Menendez (D-NJ) and Senator Mark Kirk (R-IL) and has 23 additional bipartisan cosponsors.
"We can't allow the world's worst state sponsor of terrorism to acquire the world's most dangerous weapon," said Senator Ayotte, a member of the Armed Services Committee. "We have to make clear that the only way Iran will see an end to sanctions is to verifiably, transparently, and permanently end their nuclear weapons program. With this legislation, Iran now has a choice-honor your agreements and permanently and verifiably end your nuclear weapons program or face additional sanctions."
If Iran fails to honor its commitments, the legislation would require further reductions in purchases of Iranian petroleum and apply additional penalties to strategic elements of the Iranian economy, to include the engineering, mining and construction sectors.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
