
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR
DISTRICT
RESOURCES
November 25, 2013
Iran
Nuclear Agreement Concerning
I have grave concerns
about the administration's announcement that it will reduce sanctions
on Iran without Iran eliminating it's nuclear program. A nuclear
armed Iran is a tremendous threat to the United States and our allies, and
now is the time to be steadfast and resolute in our opposition to
Iranian efforts to build a nuclear
weapon.
These sanctions have had a significant impact
on the Iranian economy. Since sanctions were ramped up in 2011, Iranian
oil exports have been cut from 2.5 million barrels per day to 1
million barrels per day. Additionally, the loss of revenue from these
reductions in oil exports, as well as rising inflation, has led to Iran's
economy retracting by 5 percent since
2012.
In fact, it is these very sanctions that are driving
Iran to the negotiating table for the first time. Now is not the time
to turn back. I cannot support a peace agreement that allows Iran to
continue to enrich uranium and continue to advance its nuclear
ambitions. I fear that this agreement is cosmetic, that Iran has no intention
of abandoning its nuclear ambitions and is simply using our lack of
resolve to buy time.
The
only acceptable peace agreement is one in which Iran gives up its
nuclear program permanently.
House Passes American Energy
Independence Bills
The House debated and passed several
pro-energy, pro-growth bills on the floor last week. These bills will not
only
further develop and
increase American energy independence
by cutting red tape
and fostering increased domestic energy production, but will also boost
our economy by supporting new and high-paying energy sector
jobs.
We learned last week that
the
U.S. has produced more domestic
oil than it imported
for the first time in nearly two
decades as U.S. oil producers added 137,000 more barrels than we imported
as the start of November.
I spoke
on the House floor about the importance of promoting and
All-of-the-Above energy policy, increasing American energy independence through
bipartisan legislation, and boosting the U.S. economy by creating
jobs.
Click
here , or on the image above to watch my full
remarks.
Celebrating Global Entrepreneurship Week
Global Entrepreneurship Week is a worldwide celebration of
innovation
and job creators who risk it all to launch startup
businesses and bringing their ideas to life. I was excited to participate
as a judge at the Global Entrepreneurship Week student competition at
The University of
Kansas .
I was able to listen to several student group
teams pitch their ideas to develop an entrepreneurial idea and execution
plan to help improve the economy of Wyandotte County. It was exciting
to see and hear from so many bright minds and future business
leaders.
Thank you to Dean Neeli
Bendapudi, Dean of the
The
University of Kansas School of Business , for the invitation to
participate and to be a judge.
Click here
to read a great article from the
Kansas City Star
highlighting a local small business,
EyeVerify , which won a global
entrepreneurial competition sponsored by the
Kauffman Foundation . Congratulations to
all at EyeVerify for this outstanding accomplishment!
KCK Chamber
Congressional Forum
Its always a pleasure to attend the Kansas
City Kansas Chamber of Commerce's Congressional Forum. I was honored
to speak last week and give an update on current events from
Washington, DC. We discussed the situation across the country surrounding the
Affordable Care Act implementation
and health insurance policies being cancelled , as
well as the
concerning
situations in Iran
and Syria, and the
recent changes to the U.S. Senate
rules .
I also had the
privilege of congratulating Cindy Cash on her 20 years as president of
the KCK Chamber of Commerce, and wishing her well as she begins a new
chapter in life. Thank you for your leadership and vision at the helm of
the KCK Chamber.
Email Privacy Act
Gaining More Support
Last week, I participated in a panel
discussion where we spoke about the need for Congress to update U.S.
electronic communication privacy laws. Earlier this year, I introduced the
H.R. 1852 - the Email
Privacy Act
- to bring our laws up to date with our
ever-changing electronic communication capabilities. The last time the United
States passed email privacy reforms was almost 30 years
ago.
The Email Privacy Act continues to gain
momentum and broad bipartisan support. We now have over
150 cosponsors, including 109 Republicans and
47 Democrats . My colleagues on both sides of the aisle
recognize the importance of finally updating these laws, and they
understand this is a truly commmonsense reform that everyone can agree
with.
Click
here , or on the image above, to listen to my remarks
regarding the Email Privacy
Act.
Thank you to everyone who attended our panel discussion.
Click here
to follow
current updates and progress on the
Email Privacy Act .
U.S. Service Academy
Nominations
I'm was very pleased to announce the 2013
U.S. Service Academy
nominations
from the Kansas 3rd Congressional District last week. The caliber of
these nominees is very impressive; our district will be very well
represented. The 3rd Congressional Districts Academy Nomination Board
conducted interviews with the applicants and reviewed their applications
and test scores. Twenty-three students were recommended for nomination.
Now the applicants must meet the requirements of each U.S. Service
Academy. These young men and women are our future and I wish them well as
they seek an appointment to a U.S. Service
Academy.
Congratulations to all these great young men and
women. For a complete listing of all 3rd Congressional District service
academy nominations,
click
here .
KU
Among Top Colleges For Veterans
According to Military Times magazine,
the
University of Kansas ranks in the top colleges in America for
veterans.
KU ranked
23 out of
86
four-year schools included in the survey - the only higher
education institution in Kansas on this
list.
Congratulations and a heartfelt "Thank You" to KU for
their efforts to assist our military veterans.
Rock Chalk,
Jayhawk!
Upcoming Staff Community Office
Hours
My staff can assist you from 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.,
Monday through Friday in my Overland Park office. They can help with any
issues or concerns, as well as to provide assistance with federal
agencies and programs including, Veterans' Affairs, Medicare, Social
Security, Passports, and Visas.
My
staff also holds Community Staff Office Hours throughout the district. If
you are unable to visit my office, please consider coming to the
following locations at the specified time if it is more convenient for
you:
Thursday, December
5th
Leawood Library
in the Small
Meeting Room
4700 Town Center
Drive
Leawood
4:00-5:00
p.m.
Tuesday, January 28th
DeSoto Fire
Station
in the Public Meeting Space
33150 W.
83rd Street
DeSoto
4:00-5:00
p.m.
Votes From Last Week
The House voted last
week on the bills listed below. For more information about each bill,
click the specific bill number or the vote
total .
H.R. 1965
The
Federal Lands Jobs and Energy Security Act . This
legislation streamlines and ensures onshore energy permitting, provides
for onshore leasing certainty, and gives certainty to oil shale
development for American energy security, economic development, and job
creation. I voted " Yes " on this bill, and it passed
228192 .
H.R. 2728
The
Protecting States' Rights to Promote American Energy Security
Act . This bill recognizes States' authority to regulate oil and
gas operations and promotes American energy security, development, and
job creation. I voted " Yes " on this bill, and it
passed
235187 .
H.R. 1900
The
Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act . This
legislation provides for the timely consideration of all licenses,
permits, and approvals required under Federal law with respect to the
siting, construction, expansion, or operation of any natural gas pipeline
projects. I voted " Yes " on this bill, and it passed
252165 .
Washington, DC
215 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W.
79th St.
Overland Park, KS 66204
Phone: (913)
621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
