
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
November 25, 2013
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
United States Senator Mike Crapo -
Idaho
Website
-
About Mike
Crapo
-
News Releases
-
Services
-
Photo Gallery
-
Contact
Me
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on
LinkedIn
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.* Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
Privacy Policy
Please note:
This
email newsletter is coming from an unmonitored account. Please
do not reply
to this email
address. To reply to our office,
click here
to use the
contact form on our website. If you wish to change your email address or
update your contact information,
click here to
update your profile . If you wish
to unsubscribe, click here .
Dear
Friends,
Welcome to the latest
edition of my E-Newsletter.
Thanksgiving: Thinking of Idahoans Far From
Home
This Thanksgiving and throughout the holidays we will join
together with family and friends to celebrate our many blessingstime
with loved ones, health, contentment, a home, food on our tables.
Whatever our blessings may be, let us keep those Idahoans who are far
from home in our thoughts and prayers.
Unfortunately,
many Idahoans are spending the holidays separated from their loved
ones.
Included among them are Boise Pastor Saeed Abedini and Sgt.
Bowe Bergdahl of Hailey, Idaho.
Sgt. Bergdahl has been held
captive since June 4, 2009, and is believed to be in the mountains of
Pakistan, just across the border from Afghanistan.
My thoughts and
prayers continue to be with Bowe and his family.
I continue to
follow developments about him closely and press for his safe return,
raising this issue with senior administration officials whenever
possible.
Pastor Abedini, whose wife, Naghmeh, and children
live in the Boise area, went to Iran to visit family and build
orphanages.
During his visit, he was imprisoned by the Iranian
government and is being persecuted for spreading
Christianity.
Like for Sgt. Bergdahl, my Senate colleagues and I continue to use
every opportunity to press for Pastor Abedinis safe return.
Fellow Idaho Senator Jim Risch and I were joined by
Senators Rand
Paul (R-Kentucky) and Patrick Leahy (D-Vermont) in authoring a resolution
calling on the government of Iran to immediately release Pastor Saeed
Abedini and all other individuals detained on account of their
religious beliefs.
The Senate recently passed this resolution by
Unanimous Consent.
His focus on human rights and dignities has
touched the hearts of many, and we continue to push for his immediate
release.
Idaho is home to many great Americans helping
others and serving our nation around the world.
This includes the
numerous Idaho military service members who work to keep us safe both at
home and abroad.
Many of these Idahoans come in harms way as
they serve.
This Thanksgiving, as we join family and friends to
enjoy a meal and companionship, let us be thankful for our ability to
be with our loved ones, particularly as there are many Idahoans unable
to do so.
As I count my blessings this Thanksgiving,
I will continue to pray for Bowe, Saeed and the many other Idahoans
who are far from home and their families.
I look forward to the
day when we can welcome them all home.
Obamacare: The Promises Of This Law are Nothing Like The Realities
To date, millions of Americans,
including over 100,000 in Idaho, have received cancelation notices announcing
their current health insurance plans are being discontinued despite
the oft-repeated promise that Obamacare would protect existing
plans.
Furthermore, as a result of the health care law, Americans are
now facing vastly escalating insurance rates, drops and decreases in
coverage and middle class tax hikesthe families the president solemnly
pledged to protect from even one dime of tax increases.
The
botched rollout of the majority partys signature health care law and
the ill-performing federal health care exchange website has further
exacerbated confusion and frustration of Americans across the country
surrounding the law.
During a U.S. Senate
Finance Committee hearing, I was able to question U.S. Department ofHealth
and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius about the rollout and
troubled policies of the law.
To watch the exchange, click the
image below.
I also took
to the Senate floor to expand on the failures of Obamacare and the
administrations many unfulfilled pledges made about the law.
To
watch, click the image below.
This month, I had the opportunity to share
in the Senate some of the infuriating experiences of Idahoans in
dealing with the Affordable Care Act.
The promises of the flawed
health care law are nothing like the realities.
The American people
deserve health care reform with permanent solutions to the drops in
coverage, rising premiums and other problems, not temporary fixes that
further delay implementation of necessary and meaningful reform to our
nations broken health care system.
We must replace the failed
policies with true reforms that are in the best interest of Idahoans and
the American people.
To hear me
share the stories of Jennifer and Kelly, both from Idaho, and their
experiences with Obamacare, click the image below.
Health Care
Reform: We Need A New
Direction
Leading up to enactment of Obamacare there was much debate on health
care alternatives.
Most agreed then, and continue to agree, that
reforms are needed.
There are many areas of bipartisan agreement
in the health care reform.
Unfortunately, many of the
reasonable reforms were obstructed.
What we have now are wrong-headed
policies based on misguided beliefs that government bureaucracy would
improve health care.
Obviously it has not.
We must
turn to achievable reforms that result in affordable health care and
improved access to quality care that Americans want and deserve.
We need to start over with reforms that address specific issues that
would make a positive difference for all Americans.
A successful
health care system would enable Americans to choose plans that fit
specific needs and those of their families.
It would permit
insurance companies to compete across state lines; allow small businesses to
collaborate to negotiate group insurance rates; require pricing
disclosures from health care providers to promote a competitive,
consumer-driven market; and offer incentives for patients and the private sector
to create wellness programs and other efficiencies in health care
delivery.
Reforms should not come at the expense of
hardworking Americans.
We need reform that realigns payment
incentives toward outcomes, not the number of procedures; promotes wellness
and prevention programs; encourages small businesses to pool together to
purchase insurance; allows insurance companies to sell across state
lines to increase competition; and eliminates waste, fraud and abuse
that contribute to health cares rising costs.
We should have
consumer-driven initiatives that allow individuals to find benefit options
that best meet their needs.
For example, expanding effective
Health Savings Accounts would do so without increasing taxes or
expanding the government.
Instead of giving the government
more power over health care, individual patients must have more control,
choice and information to make their health care decisions.
We
need to renew focus on health care reforms that will work and have
broad public support without the predicted failures that are inherent in
Obamacare.
I will continue to urge my colleagues on both
sides of the aisle, along with President Obama, to carefully listen to
the American people and work together to defund and repeal every
element of Obamacare that proves unworkable.
We all agreed when
Obamacare was enacted that health care reforms are needed.
We need to
go in a new direction that replaces the failed policies with true
reforms that represent the will of the American
people.
Veterans Day: The Spirit of Freedom Remains
Strong
Each year, on Veterans Day, as we honor
the men and women who protect our freedoms, I have the great honor of
awarding some of these remarkable individuals with the Spirit of
Freedom:
Idaho Veterans Service Award.
This award, which is
presented to Idaho veterans and volunteers who assist veterans, provides an
opportunity to recognize the outstanding service of area veterans and
many in our communities.
Idaho is replete with individuals
worthy of being honored for their remarkable service.
This year, I
had the privilege of honoring sixteen Idahoans for their significant
service.
Since November of 2002 when the first Spirit of
Freedom Awards were presented, 186 Spirit of Freedom Awards have been
bestowed.
The awards are generally announced on Veterans Day each
year.
A number of veterans organizations nominate individuals to
receive the awards.
This year, the Boise Veterans Affairs
Medical Center, the Idaho State Veterans HomeBoise, the Idaho State
Veterans HomeLewiston, the Idaho State Veterans HomePocatello, the Idaho
State Veterans Cemetery, the Marine Corps League, the Military Order of
the Purple Heart and the Vietnam Veterans of America submitted
nominations for the award.
I am continually inspired by the
remarkable individuals we have living in our communities.
We are
blessed to live and work among those who start each day thinking
about how they can help ease the challenges others face.
They commit
precious time and resources to helping others and strengthening our
nation.
They make a difference in the lives of those they assist
and those they move to follow their examples of selfless
service.
To learn about this years award recipients, click
here .
Hot
Topics
Budget
At the
second public meeting of the joint Senate-House Budget Conference
Committee charged with producing a report to Congress on spending reforms by
December 13, 2013, I questioned the head of the Congressional Budget
Office, Doug Elmendorf, on the imperative need to reduce the debt and
reform our nations tax code.
Director Elmendorf not only
confirmed that the country is on an unsustainable fiscal path, but that
enacting pro-growth tax reform that flattens the base and lowers rates
would have a positive stimulating impact on the economy.
To learn
more, click
here .
To watch the full exchange, click the image below.
Energy
The entire Idaho Delegation, along with lawmakers from Washington and
Oregon, urged the U.S. Departmentof Energy (DOE) to maintain an
independent Bonneville Power Administration (BPA) that puts northwest power
users first, in a bipartisan letter to Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz
this month.
Bonneville Power plays a critical role in supplying
power to the northwestern part of the country.
I commend the DOE
for their work in cleaning up the unethical and inappropriate activities
that were occurring at the BPA, but in the interest of Idaho, and the
rest of the region, DOE must not become a permanent fixture of the
BPA.
More recently, I learned that our efforts were successful as
Secretary Moniz issued a response indicating that the DOE has no
intention of taking over the day-to-day operations of the BPA. To learn
more, click
here .
Indian
Affairs
Indian tribes across the nation
contribute a rich cultural heritage to society, and the many tribes in
Idaho benefit our communities immensely.
The Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) has consistently exempted Indian country from federal
taxation of tribal social benefit programs that serve to promote the
general welfare of the tribe.
These programs include education
scholarships, funds to attend and participate in cultural events, housing
assistance and bereavement stipends, among other things.
However,
in recent years, the IRS has increasingly attempted to tax these
tribal services unfairly.
For this reason, I recently co-sponsored
the Tribal General Welfare Exclusion Act.
This legislation would
codify the tribal exclusion in the Internal Revenue Code to protect
tribal members from such taxation.
This bill honors the federal
Indian trust responsibility, promotes tribal self-determination and
comes at no additional cost the federal government.
To learn more,
click
here .
Natural
Resources
Recently, federal agencies have
begun to violate and undermine state water laws throughout western
states, including Idaho.
This power-grab by the administration to
hold public land-use permits hostage is threatening our local
communities and could very well set a precedent that could spread to other
land-industry sectors, such as agriculture.
The private water rights
of our western states must be upheld before long-standing businesses
are put in serious jeopardy. To learn more, click
here .
Telecom
Many hard-to-reach rural communities are struggling due to the lack
of sufficient broadband services, and Idaho is no exception to
this.
The deficiencies in broadband service in rural parts of the
country are not only hurting our ability to compete in a global economy,
but also are impacting quality of life.
Congress and the Federal
Communications Commission (FCC) must do everything they can to
incentivize, not stifle, investment in emerging technologies in rural
America.
I recently joined a bipartisan coalition calling on the FCC to
do more to ensure that rural America is not disadvantaged or left
behind as the commission reforms and modernize important programs.
To learn more, click
here .
Recent Editorials
11-25-2013:
Thinking of Idahoans Far From
Home
11-18-2013:
The Spirit of Freedom Remains
Strong
11-11-2013:
Balancing Work and
Family
11-04-2013:
Housing Finance Reform Within
Reach
Staying in
Touch
Follow me on Twitter
Like me on Facebook
Subscribe
to my YouTube Page
Looking for more information?
Please use the questions to the left to
specify.
Please visit the
Issues and Legislation
section of my
website for information that addresses many issues important to all of
us.
As always, I highly value the opinions and
concerns of my fellow Idahoans.
With that in mind, we continue to
work to improve my website.
All the best,
Contact Information:
CLICK HERE TO E-MAILU.S. SENATOR MIKE CRAPO
Washington D.C.
239 Dirksen
Senate Building
Washington
D.C., 20510
Phone: (202) 224-6142
Eastern Idaho, North
410 Memorial
Drive
Suite
205
Idaho
Falls, ID 83402
Phone: (208)
522-9779
Idaho State
251
East Front Street
Suite 205
Boise, ID
83702
Phone: (208)
334-1776
North-Central Region
313 'D' Street
Suite 105
Lewiston, ID
83501
Phone: (208) 743-1492
Eastern Idaho,
South
275 South 5th Avenue
Suite 225
Pocatello,
ID 83201
Phone: (208) 236-6775
North
Idaho
610 Hubbard Street
Suite 209
Coeur
d' Alene, ID 83814
Phone: (208) 664-5490
South-Central
202 Falls
Avenue
Suite 2
Twin Falls,
ID
83301
Phone: (208) 734-2515
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
