DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | December 5, 2013
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
In the three weeks since we first asked you to
share your healthcare story , we've received nearly 200 responses. Lost coverage and sky-high premiums have been the most commonly reported concerns, despite President Obama's promise that the American people could keep their current healthcare coverage if they liked it.
Below are three of the many stories we've heard about the impact the new healthcare law is having on residents in the 39th district.
I am a small business owner and I provide full insurance for 6 workers. I was notified that our existing policy is no longer valid and that we are forced to the new Obamacare policy which brings with it a 42.8% increase and higher deductibles than the old plan. I can no longer afford to pay for insurance for my 6 full time employees.
RM, Yorba Linda
My mother, brother (18), and I (20) share an Anthem Blue Cross PPO plan on the individual market. Our plan was cancelled because of Obamacare, and the replacement's premium is 30% higher, deductible is higher, and coverage no better. We had a pretty darn good plan before...Obamacare does a few good things, but the bulk of it doesn't fix the real underlying problems in our health care system, and the structure of the law evidences a clear lack of understanding of how America's health care system, and even markets, work.
Chris, Fullerton
Premiums going from 286.00 per month to 456.00 minimum or higher with worse coverage, fewer office visits allowed, and higher prescription costs.
Terry, Anaheim
With over one million Californians expected to lose their coverage, the flawed rollout of healthcare.gov is turning out to be only one of many serious issues with the new healthcare legislation. Have you lost your coverage? Facing higher premiums? I want to hear your healthcare story. Click
here
to tell me about your experience with the new healthcare law.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for the Week of December 2, 2013
Royce Votes for Small Business Capital Access &amp; Job Preservation Act
Excessive and unnecessary regulations hurt our economy, increase costs and restrict access to private sector capital that our nations job creators need to grow the economy and hire. That's why Rep. Royce voted for the Small Business Capital Access &amp; Job Preservation Act this week. This legislation repeals portions of the Dodd-Frank Act that did not contribute to the financial crisis and whose costs outweigh their purported benefits.
How to Help Those Affected by
Typhoon Haiyan
Millions in the Philippines are still struggling to survive in the wake of Typhoon Haiyan. With the death toll nearing 6,000, the devastation from the storm has also displaced 3.8 million people, leaving them in desperate need of clean water, medication and shelter. There are many international, federal, state and local government agencies responsible for providing or coordinating the delivery of U.S. aid and participation in the relief efforts in the Philippines.
If you are looking for a way to help victims of the typhoon, you can contact the agencies listed below:
US Department of State
www.state.gov
US Embassy in the Philippines
http://manila.usembassy.gov/
US Agency for International Development
www.usaid.gov/haiyan
United Nations
www.un.org/en
EVENTS
December 5, 2013 : A member of Rep. Ed Royce's staff will be available for mobile office hours on Thursday, December 5th in the Red Tailed Hawk Room in the City Clerks Office at Chino Hills City Hall (14000 City Center Dr.). Mobile office hours provide an opportunity for constituents to meet with Rep. Royce and his staff members for assistance with a variety of services and issues.
Read More.
In Case You Missed It
Rep. Ed Royce joined CNN's "State of the Union" to discuss the recent nuclear agreement with Iran. Royce told host Candy Crowley that the U.S. must continue to place pressure on the Iranian regime until it gives up the country's nuclear enrichment program.
Watch Here.
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Foreign Intrigue Blog
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here