
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
Home
|
Biography
|
Contact Us
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
Legislation
|
Student Center
|
4th District
2013 End of Year
Newsletter
Year in
Review
Defunding
ObamaCare
How ObamaCare is Hurting
American Families
Actions Taken to Stop
ObamaCare
Share Your
Story
Promoting Job Creation
and Boosting the
Economy
Increasing Production of
Our Nations Natural
Resources
Eliminating Unnecessary Regulations
that Block Economic
Growth
Reforming Job Training Programs and
Welfare Work Requirements
Helping Students through Better
Education
Delaying and Fully Repealing
ObamaCare
Reining in Spending and Balancing
the Budget
Supporting a Balanced Budget Amendment (BBA) and the
Fair Tax Act
Steps to Achieving a Balanced
Budget
Replacing the Sequester with Responsible Spending
Cuts
Supporting Our Troops and
Veterans
Holding the
Administration
Accountable
IRS Political
Targeting
AP
Targeting
NSA Scandal
Syria
Mismanagement
Protecting the 2nd
Amendment
Committee
Activities
Energy and Commerce
Committee
Science, Space, and Technology
Committee
Constituent
Outreach
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Website
Updates
Looking
Ahead
Priorities for
2014
I hope
this newsletter finds you well. It has been a busy year, and I hope
you find this review of major legislative initiatives I worked on
throughout the year helpful as we prepare to begin 2014.
YEAR IN
REVIEW
DEFUNDING
OBAMACARE
How
ObamaCare is Hurting American Families
More Americans are beginning to feel the negative
effects of ObamaCare and, consequently, disapproval of the Presidents
health care law is on the rise.
According to a
recent Rasmussen poll
released November 12, 55% of
Americans believe ObamaCare is bad for the country and support the
law's repeal. Similarly,
a Quinniapac poll
released December 10finds 62% of Americans disapprove of the Presidents
handling of health care.
This
should come as no surprise considering the disastrous launch of
healthcare.gov
the official ObamaCare exchange website
that took over two
months to stabilize and still continues to experience problems.
The websites failed rollout contradicts claims from the
Administration and the websites contractors that the site was on track and
would be ready October 1. One of the biggest concerns with the website has
to do with serious privacy and security problems that could make
users vulnerable to identity theft.
While the website is a problem that must be addressed, the larger
issue lies with Obamacare itself. This bad law is a government
overreach into citizens health care decisions, and with enrollment now
open, Americans are beginning to learn that one of the Presidents most
frequently repeated promises
If you like your plan, you can keep it.
Period
is untrue. In fact, over 2 million Americans have already
learned their current health care plan will be dropped (according to CBS
news). And at least 129 million Americans (68%) are estimated to lose
their current health care plan by the end of 2014, according to
Christopher Conover , a research scholar in the Center
for Health Policy &amp; Inequalities Research at Duke University and
an adjunct scholar at the American Enterprise
Institute.
In addition to Americans losing their health care coverage, prices for
the ObamaCare exchanges are proving to be an unaffordable
redistribution of wealth from younger, healthier generations to older
generations. The sticker shock of ObamaCare is a disincentive to these younger
folks who may choose to opt out of health care and pay the fine
instead. And without enough young people to foot the costs for older
generations, costs under ObamaCare will continue to
rise.
Actions Taken to Stop
ObamaCare
I voted
against ObamaCare when it passed the Energy and Commerce Committee, I
voted against its passage in the House, and I have since voted over 45
times to repeal the law both in part and in
whole.
In the 113th
Congress alone, I support the following legislation to undermine and repeal
the Presidents bad health care law:
H.R. 1005,
Defund ObamaCare Act
H.R. 607,
To delay until 2016
provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act scheduled to
take effect in 2014 or 2015 and to delay the application of
sequestration until 2014.
H.R. 582,
Healthcare Tax Relief and
Mandate Repeal Act
H.R. 45,
To repeal the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act and health-care related provisions in the
Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of
2010.
H.R.
2667,
Authority Mandate Delay Act
H.R. 2668,
Fairness for American Families Act
H.R. 2009,
Keep the IRS
Off Your Health Care Act of 2013
Just this past month,
I became an original cosponsor of H.R. 2300, the
Empowering
Patients First Act , and the
NUMBER Act .
Empowering Patients First Act
would permanently repeal
ObamaCare and replace it with pro-patient solutions. Similarly, the
NUMBER Act
would repeal ObamaCare if 7 million people - the
necessary number of Americans in order for the law to be financially
viable
are not enrolled in one the exchanges by the end of open
enrollment
Additional steps I have taken this year to undermine and
repeal this bad law:
On August 21, I signed onto Rep. Meadows
letter urging Speaker Boehner and Majority Leader Cantor to defund
the implementation and enforcement of
ObamaCare in any
appropriations bill or Continuing Resolution (CR) brought to the House Floor.
To view the letter,
CLICK
HERE .
On October 16, I stayed true to my commitment to my
constituents and the American people and voted against the Senates
budget deal because it did not defund
ObamaCare.
On December 11, I joined other Republican Members of the Science,
Space, and Technology Committee and sent a letter to President Obama
addressing personal and financial security problems with the "ObamaCare"
website. In the letter, we ask the President to outline specific steps
his Administration has taken or plans to take to improve security. To
view the letter,
CLICK
HERE .
House
Republicans are also actively working to provide transparency,
accountability, and fairness to the American people by conducting oversight of
ObamaCare implementation. Below is a list of hearings conducted this
year by the Committees I am a part of
click on the links to learn
more:
Energy and Commerce:
PPACA Pulse Check, August
1
PPACA Implementation Failures: Didnt Know or Didnt Disclose?,
October 24
PPACA Implementation Failures:
Answers from HHS, October 30
PPACA
Implementation Failures: Whats Next?, December
11
Science Space, and Technology:
Full Committee Hearing - Is My Data on Healthcare.gov
Secure?, November 19
Share Your Story
Your personal stories about how ObamaCare is affecting you
goes a long way in combating the Administrations false narrative
that people are saving money.
I invite you to share your stories
with me by emailing me at
TX04.healthcare@mail.house.gov . Your privacy will be protected.
Rest assured I will
continue to do everything I can to defund this bad law and replace it
with responsible health care reform in order to provide Americans
personal, job, financial, and health
security.
PROMOTING JOB CREATION
&amp; BOOSTING THE ECONOMY
Promoting job
creation and economic growth remains my top priority . It is
important to remember that the government doesnt create jobs
it makes
policy decisions that impact the conditions for private market job
creators. That is why Republicans worked this year to pass legislation on
a variety of issues that would bolster Americas economy and create a
positive environment for job creation.
Increasing Production
of Our Nations Natural
Resources
Over the
last decade, the United States energy profile has undergone a shift from
declining oil and gas production and dependence on imports to surging
production and abundant domestic resources. This is due to increased
domestic energy production on private land, more efficient energy use,
and technological advances in oil and natural gas production methods
that have made recovery of previously inaccessible resources, such as
those in shale formations, economically
recoverable.
This success,
however, is in spite of the current Administrations efforts. In fact,
according to a recent
report by the non-partisan
Congressional Research Service , all new oil production since 2007 has
occurred on private land. The report also cites a similar case with
natural gas. Unfortunately, the current Administration, partnered with
the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), is doing all it can to
stifle the production of petroleum, natural gas, and clean
coal.
The EPA has also used a biased, non-transparent, non-peer reviewed
process to regulate hyrdraulic fracturing (also known as
fracking).
Advances in fracking
a 60-year old technology
combined with
horizontal drilling, have transformed the production of natural gas
along with the natural gas industry. Access to shale gas that was until
recently uneconomical and technically unrecoverable is now driving
State and local economic growth all around the country while providing new
sources of domestic energy to meet growing demand. In fact, the
International Energy Agency (IEA) predicts the U.S. will overtake Russia to
become the largest natural gas producer by
2015.
I will continue
to stand on the front lines fighting for fracking and exposing a
number of uninformed allegations and misleading attacks by opponents,
including the EPA.
Fracking provides America with valuable energy
and much-needed jobs.
In the coming year, it is my hope the
President will finally join House Republicans in pursuing a true
all-of-the-above energy strategy. Increasing domestic energy production is one
of the easiest ways America can create jobs and boost the economy. That
is why House Republicans have passed numerous energy jobs bills
this year, including:
Click on each of these jobs bills to
learn more:
H.R. 678,
The
Bureau of Reclamation Small Conduit Hydropower Development and Rural Jobs
Act
H.R. 3,
The Northern Route
Approval Act
H.R. 1613, the
Outer
Continental Shelf Transboundary Hydrocarbon Agreement Authorization
Act
H.R. 2231, the
Offshore Energy
and Jobs Act
H.R. 2218,
The Coal
Residuals Reuse and Management Act of
2013
H.R. 1900,
Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform
Act
H.R. 1965,
Federal Lands Jobs and Energy
Security Act of 2013
H.R. 2728,
Protecting States Rights to Promote American Energy Security
Act
Eliminating Unnecessary Regulations that Block Economic
Growth
One of the most obvious steps Congress can
take to encourage job creation is to cut down the heavy burden of complex
federal regulations. Although certain regulations are necessary to
maintain safety and accountability, its important to ensure regulations
are fair and that the cost doesnt outweigh the benefit. Excessive
and overbearing regulations
particularly those imposed by the
Environmental Protection Agency
hamper job opportunities for individuals and
small businesses. That is why, in addition to my work on the Energy
and Commerce Committee and the
Science, Space, and
Technology Committee , I am pleased the House passed legislation that
would work to provide economic certainty, job security, and financial
freedom for individuals and small businesses through responsible
deregulation.
Click on each of these jobs bills to learn
more:
H.R. 2374, The Retail Investor
Protection Act
H.R. 992, The Swaps
Regulatory Improvement Act
H.R. 1582,
The Energy Consumers Relief Act
H.R.
367,
The Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny
(REINS) Act
Reforming Job Training Programs and Welfare Work
Requirements
With nearly 11 million Americans
out of work and millions more who have given up looking for a job,
Washington must do all it can to help people get back to work. Two
important steps Congress can take to help those struggling to find jobs
are: 1) put work requirements in place for welfare recipients so they do
not become trapped in a state of government dependency, and 2) ensure
job creators have a tax and regulatory environment that encourages job
creation.
To learn more about the
SKILLS Act , a pro-jobs
bill that would reform federal workforce development programs by
streamlining and making them more responsive to employers needs,
click
on the link below:
H.R. 803, the
Supporting Knowledge and Investing in Lifelong Skills (SKILLS)
Act
To learn more about House efforts to preserve
welfare work requirements that have successfully lifted families out of
poverty,
click on the link
below:
H.R. 890, the
Preserving Work Requirements for Welfare Programs
Act of 2013
Helping Students through Better Education
Quality education for our nations students is
directly tied to their future opportunities, as well as Americas
innovation and competitiveness. That is why, as a longtime supporter of
our school systems, I want to ensure students across the nation and in
our great State of Texas receive the best education possible. This
year, House Republicans passed two bills that focus on improving education
and easing the student loan burden so more students can pursue
affordable higher education.
To learn more about the
Student Success
Act , a bill that removes burdensome federal intervention and
allows states and local school districts the freedom to direct federal
resources in a manner catered toward the students specific needs,
click on the link below:
H.R. 5, the
Student Success Act
To learn more about the
Houses affordable student loan bill that returns loans to a system under
which interest rates are tied to market rates
but with fixed rates
for the period of the loan , click on the link below:
H.R. 1911,
The
Bipartisan Student
Loan Certainty Act of 2013
Delaying and
Fully Repealing
ObamaCare
Obamacare
is a bad law that limits freedom of choice, increases health care
costs, decreases quality of care, and hurts jobs. On March 6, the Federal
Reserve reported, Employers in several Districts cited the
unknown effects of the Affordable Care Act as reasons for planned layoffs
and reluctance to hire more staff.
Many small businesses are
reducing staff to under 50 employees, as well as reducing workers hours
so they can be considered part-time, in order to be exempt from
providing health care.
The Washington Examiner published an
article
citing 74% of small business
owners intentions to cut hours and hire fewer workers in response to the
employer mandate. Delaying and fully repealing ObamaCare is an
important step to providing more certainty for job creators to expand their
businesses and hire new workers.
Click on each of these
pro-jobs bills to learn more:
H.R.
45,
To repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
(Obamacare) and health care-related provisions in the Health Care and
Education Reconciliation Act of
2010.
H.R. 2667,
Authority Mandate Delay
Act
H.R. 2668,
Fairness for American Families
Act
H.R. 2009,
Keep the IRS Off Your Health Care Act
of 2013
H.R. 2300 , Empowering Patients First
Act
REINING IN SPENDING &amp; BALANCING THE
BUDGET
Washington continues to spend and borrow money it
doesn't have, and America's national debt now exceeds $17 trillion. The
effects of the federal governments out-of-control spending and high
debt are felt in our country's weak economy: 7% unemployment rate, 63%
labor force participation rate, and higher tax
rates.
But there is
good news
a solution lies in responsible, meaningful spending cuts
and a balanced budget. That is why this year I continued to work to
pass responsible bills that would help get Americas budget
and our
economy
back on track.
Supporting a Balanced Budget Amendment (BBA) and the
Fair Tax Act
In order to build up America's
economy and get people back to work, we
must
begin to rein in
government spending and address the national debt, and balancing the
budget is a vital step in that process.
I am a longtime supporter
of a Balanced Budget Amendment and a Fair Tax.
Click on each of
the bills to learn more:
H.J.Res.1,
Proposing a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of the
United States.
H.J.Res. 2,
Proposing a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.
H.R. 25,
The Fair Tax
Act
Steps to Achieving a Balanced
Budget
The House also took a number of steps aimed towards producing
a balanced budget.
Click on each of these bills to learn more:
H.R. 325,
No Budget, No Pay Act
of 2013
H.R. 444, The
Require a
PLAN Act
H.R. 668,
to require
that annual budget submissions of the President to Congress provide an
estimate of the cost per taxpayer of the
deficit .
H.Con.Res. 25, Establishing the budget for the
United States Government for fiscal year 2014 and setting forth
appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2015 through
2023 .
Replacing the Sequester with Responsible
Spending Cuts
On March 1 this year, the
automatic sequester that was signed into law by the President under the
Budget Control Act
took effect. This law cut $85 billion from
the federal governments overall budget (a 2.3% cut) for
2013.
The federal governments out-of-control spending must be reined in,
but spending cuts must be made responsibly. I
voted
against
the Presidents
Budget Control Act
and his
"sequester" proposal for a number of reasons. I did not agree with an
automatic "sequester" that Congress and the American people would not have a
vote on. I also opposed the
Budget Control Act
because of the
serious risks and disproportionate cuts to Defense funding, which
could endanger our troops and our national security. The 4th Districts
Red River Army Depot in Texarkana, TX stands to be directly affected by
these cuts, putting many jobs in danger. This is yet another reason
why I opposed this bill and why I have since voted twice to replace the
sequester with responsible spending cuts ( H.R. 5652, Sequester Replacement Reconciliation
Act ;
H.R. 6684,
Spending Reduction
Act of 2012 ).
On December 12, the House passed a budget
agreement to fund the federal government through fiscal year (FY) 2014.
The bill partially offset a second round of sequester cuts that
would harm the military. While I appreciated the effort to make the
sequester cuts less painful to our Defense budget, I voted against this
budget deal because it had inadequate spending cuts, it reduced the
cost-of-living adjustments (COLA) for military retirees who are already
underpaid, and it did not address the repeal of ObamaCare. To learn
more about this bill,
CLICK
HERE .
SUPPORTING OUR
TROOPS AND VETERANS
Ensuring the safety of all
Americans is the greatest responsibility, and safety is provided through a
strong national defense and by the brave efforts of our servicemen and
women. In order for our troops to do their duties effectively and
efficiently, they must have adequate funding.
As a longtime supporter of
our servicemen and women, both past and present, I believe it is
imperative that we also provide these brave individuals and their families
with the care and support they need, deserve, and have earned through
their sacrifices on behalf of our great
Nation.
With Texas
representing one of the largest veteran populations in the country
over 1.6
million
supporting our troops and veterans is also of great personal
concern for the 4th District and our State.
To learn more about
efforts on behalf of veterans this year, including VA disability
backlog, rebuilding BRAC-affected military communities, and Wall of
Remembrance at the Korean War Veterans Memorial,
CLICK
HERE .
HOLDING THE ADMINISTRATION
ACCOUNTABLE
The current
Administration has a bad track record for transparency and
accountability, and it has dealt with a number of scandals this year including:
the
IRS targeting conservative political groups ;
the Justice Department targeting the Associated Press; the NSA
collecting phone records; and the mismanagement of Syria. These scandals are
part of a growing list that also includes the
Benghazi
attack in 2012
and the Fast and Furious gun running.
I
believe the Administration owes the American people answers to all of these
very serious issues, and I will work with fellow House Republicans as
we continue to hold oversight hearings throughout the various
Committees.
PROTECTING THE 2nd
AMENDMENT
I have always been
a strong advocate of our Second Amendment rights, and many
constituents in the 4 th
District are responsible gun owners.
Unfortunately, the current Administration has spent much of this last year
focusing its energy not on jobs and the economy, but on a misplaced
interest in fighting gun violence by imposing more stringent gun
regulations.
While I abhor acts of violence, we must remember that it is
the people intent on taking violent measures against others who are
the problem, and we must address the root of that violent behavior. Gun
violence is not created by a lack of gun regulations. Rather than
create additional regulations for law-abiding, peaceful citizens, we
should focus our energy on strict enforcement of existing laws and
regulations, stiff penalties for criminals, and address the need for mental
health reform so future tragedies may be
prevented.
Violence must be
addressed, but not at the expense of fundamental rights under the
Constitution. I believe in fully upholding the Constitution and am a
strong supporter of the 2nd Amendment. It is every American's right to
possess firearms, and I will continue to oppose any legislation that
infringes on this right.
COMMITTEE
ACTIVITIES
Energy and
Commerce Committee
As a senior member of the Energy
and Commerce Committee
one of the top three Committees in the House
I have worked this year to repeal ObamaCare; promote
all-of-the-above domestic energy production; fight this Administrations war on
energy through its use of overbearing EPA regulations; and support
responsible telecommunication policies.
To learn more about the
committees initiatives this year, check out our
Issues In
Focus page
that includes information on ObamaCare oversight,
efforts to meet energy challenges, reports, letters, and
more.
To learn more about the committees hearings and legislative votes,
CLICK HERE .
Science, Space, and Technology
Committee
As Chairman Emeritus of the Science, Space, and
Technology Committee, and as Chairman in the prior Congress, I have
worked to combat the EPAs overbearing, job-killing regulations; expand
Americas all-of-the-above energy production; promote science,
technology, engineering, and math (STEM) education; and maintain our countrys
preeminence in space. To learn more about the Committees
initiatives,
CLICK HERE . To read the Committees letter to
the EPA calling for transparency and balance regarding the agencys
campaign tour for upcoming greenhouse gas regulations,
CLICK HERE .
Constituents of the 4th District will be
pleased to know that on December 5, the Committee approved a bipartisan
bill I introduced earlier this year
H.R. 2431, the
National
Integrated Drought Information System (NIDIS) Reauthorization Act of
2013.
This bill extends authorization of the critical NIDIS program
through 2018. Drought is a continuing challenge that affects most
regions of our country, and the reauthorization of the National Integrated
Drought Information System (NIDIS) program is critical. NIDIS is a
valuable resource that helps farmers, businesses, individuals, and
decision makers at the federal, state, and local levels combat
drought.
To
learn more about the Science, Space, and Technology Committee,
CLICK HERE .
CONSTITUENT
OUTREACH
In
an effort to better to communicate with constituents in the
4 th
District, this year I have taken several steps to increase
accountability and transparency through social media. In addition to my
Facebook page , constituents can now follow me on
Twitter
and subscribe to my
YouTube
channel . My
official website
was also updated
this year to provide more helpful and comprehensive information,
including:
Updated information on constituent
services
A list of key votes from this
year and from the previous 112th Congress
(2011-2012)
Information on policy issues and legislation I support on
behalf of these issues
Comprehensive lists of my
sponsored
and
co-sponsored
legislation
this year
Updated Hot Topics issues -
currently my efforts to repeal ObamaCare
And
more.
LOOKING
AHEAD
As we prepare to begin a new year, rest assured that I will continue
to work hard representing your priorities in Washington. 4th District
constituents remain concerned about ObamaCare and want its full
repeal. Constituents also continue to express the serious need for
economic growth, job creation, reining in spending, and balancing the
budget. I agree that these priorities are all critical to the prosperity of
all Americans and a positive future for our country, and I will use my
seniority and Committee positions to further the views of those I am
privileged to represent.
As
we slow down to appreciate the holiday season, I wish you and yours a
safe Merry Christmas and Happy New Years.
Sincerely,
Ralph
M. Hall
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Please Feel
Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2405 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515-0001
Tel No: 202-225-6673
Fax: 202-225-3332
Rockwall, TX
104 N. San
Jacinto St.
Rockwall, TX 75087-2508
Phone: 972-771-9118
Fax:
972-722-0907
**Main District
Office**
Linden, TX
123 Kaufman St., Room 102
Linden, TX
75563-0449
Phone: 903-306-0540
Fax: 855-858-36300
Sherman, TX
Grayson County Courthouse
100 W.
Houston St., 2nd Floor
Sherman, TX 75090-6019
Phone: 903-813-4281
Fax:
903-868-8613
Texarkana, TX
4303 Texas Blvd., Suite 2
Texarkana, TX 75503-3094
Phone: 903-794-4445
Fax:
903-794-5577
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 