
NEWS FROM WASHINGTON
Greetings,
As the first session of the 113th Congress comes to a close, I'd like to take a minute to bring you up-to-date with the latest from my office.
Holding HHS accountable
Last week, I asked Secretary Sebelius how many times she had personally met with President Obama about Obamacare's implementation since 2009. While a recent Government Accountability Institute
study
found that they had met only once in three years, her answer to me was, " a lot ." Sebelius then offered to provide verification concerning her scheduled meetings with President Obama in the White House. So yesterday, I asked her to
make good
on that promise.
As details of miscommunication and finger-pointing have emerged, even more questions have been raised. I'm greatly concerned over her lack of transparency and disregard for straight answers. It's shameful that someone who has been tasked with the federal takeover of more than one-sixth of our economy can shrug off a simple request for accountability. It is imperative that the administration be held accountable, and I won't rest until the American people are provided with answers as to who knew what, and when. Click below to watch her testimony.
Where we stand on Obamacare
For months, Ive heard from hundreds of constituents who have been negatively impacted by Obamacare. Theyve received cancellation notices, watched their premiums skyrocket, or have learned, in fact, that they cant keep their doctors. Georgians and millions of other Americans are discovering the promises made wont be kept.
In some instances, officials knew of these problems long before they surfaced. As 2013 comes to a close, and with it the end of the first session of the 113th Congress, please take a moment to watch the
video
below for me to catch you up on my fight against Obamacare.
Safeguarding public health, fighting "superbugs"
Last week, I introduced the
'Antibiotic Development to Advance Patient Treatment (ADAPT) Act ,' which advances drug development in order to combat the growing public health threat of antibiotic-resistant superbugs, which the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)
warned of earlier this year .
As a physician for more than 30 years, I understand the critical need for life-saving medical treatments. This legislation provides incentives for investment and innovation and is another step forward in developing treatments for patients with antibiotic-resistant infections. Read more
here .
Honoring the memory of Corporal Ivan Evans, U.S. Army
This week, it was my great honor to present the late Corporal Ivan Evans' wife, Sarah Ann Evans, and family with his well-earned service medals and decorations from World War II.
At the age of 19, Evans enlisted in the U.S. Army and was stationed in East Point, Georgia at Ft. McPherson. There, he was part of the 98 th
Infantry Division of the 367 th
Field Artillery Battalion before departing for Hawaii in July of 1945. After Japans surrender on September 2, 1945, Evans infantry division helped oversee the countrys transition from wartime to peace. Click
here
to read more about Colonel Evans.
Happy 377th Birthday to the U.S. National Guard
Friday was the U.S. National Guard's 377th birthday. Please join me in thanking our servicemen and women in the National Guard for their sacrifice and hard work to protect our way of life.
The National Guard pre-dates all other active U.S. military branches. On December 13, 1636, what we have come to know as the National Guard was formed as a colonial militia, made up of ordinary citizens who stood to protect their communities. From their service in the Revolutionary War, to valiantly fighting in Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom, the Guard has participated in every major American conflict. We owe them a huge debt of gratitude. Click
here
to read my House floor remarks for the National Guard.
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me email updates.
Click Here
FORWARD THIS EMAIL
You can send this message on to your friends and family
Click Here
CONNECT ONLINE
Home
|
About Phil
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
Contact Us
