
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
December 07, 2013
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
About Bob Corker
|
News
|
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
Contact
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
Click
Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates,
you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
Please select the areas
of interest to you. Agriculture Budget/Economy Defense Education Energy Environment/Air Quality Foreign Affairs Guns/ 2nd Amendment Health Care Immigration Judiciary/Crime Protecting Life Social Security Taxes Transportation Veterans
Affairs War On
Terrorism *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you
are having trouble, click here.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail: E-mail: E-mail:
Update from Senator Bob
Corker
December 7, 2013
Mandelas Personal Story, Contributions Will Live on
Forever
Senator Corker made the following statement
regarding the passing of former South African President Nelson
Mandela.
As an inspirational leader, Nelson Mandela brought about a
better way of life for his people of South Africa and inspired
millions throughout the world. While we are all saddened by his passing, his
personal story and contributions to freedom, democracy, and human
rights will live on forever, said Corker.
A Lot of Negative Surprises as Americans Enroll in
Obamacare
***Click Image to Watch
Video***
On CBS Face the Nation
last Sunday, December 1, Senator Corker said Americans will likely
experience a lot of negative surprises as they continue to enroll in
Obamacare.
We all get calls from incredibly distressed citizens
who have had their policies cancelled yet are unable to enroll in a
new planAt the end of the day, while there will be a few winners, most
Americans are going to find a less dynamic health system, and they're
going to find that the cost of the health care they're able to
purchase is going to be a lot higher. They're also going to realize that
their choices are far less, said Corker. Unfortunately as people enroll
I think there's going to be a lot of negative surprises as to what
they're able to enroll in.
Corker further said the fundamentals
of Obamacare were done in a chaotic way.
Generally
speaking, the fundamentals of this to me were done in a chaotic way, much
like we're seeing in the roll out I don't know how you fix a program
that was put together in this manner with only one side of the aisle and
taking the shortcuts that were taken to put it in place, said
Corker.
As mandated by law, Corker, his family and staff will enter
the Obamacare exchanges on January 1, 2014.
Assessing U.S. Diplomatic and Security Ties in
the Middle East
On a trip to assess U.S.
diplomatic and security ties with allies in the Middle East, Senator
Corker, ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, met with
officials in Saudi Arabia, Oman and Bahrain.
On Monday and Tuesday,
Corker met with Saudi Arabian officials in Riyadh where he heard
concerns about the worsening conflict in Syria and Irans role in the
region, among other issues.
While U.S. decision-making in the
Middle East in recent years has no doubt caught many of our allies off
guard and caused them to question our reliability, our partnership with
Saudi Arabia remains strong and is vital to promoting our national
security interests. We must reassure our allies in the region of U.S.
commitments for stability and security in the Middle East, said Corker.
I will continue working to play a constructive role in Congress to
keep the pressure on Iran to alter its actions in the region and advocate
for a Syria policy that protects U.S. interests.
Corker
also visited Eskan Village where he met with U.S. military commanders and
civilian advisers of the training missions for the Saudi Ministry of
Defense, National Guard, Ministry of Interior, and Facilities Security
Force.
He also met Corporal Franklin Walker of Memphis, a
U.S. Marine serving at the U.S. embassy.
December 3 - Senator Corker meets Corporal Franklin
Walker of Memphis, a U.S. Marine serving at the U.S. embassy in
Riyadh.
On Wednesday in Omans capital of Muskat, Corker met
with Oman officials about negotiations over Irans nuclear
program.
While I have expressed my concerns about the interim
agreement with Iran and how they remain a constant, destabilizing force
in other ways in the region, I appreciate Omans firm commitment to a
peaceful, diplomatic solution to the nuclear issue and the role they
have played in facilitating negotiations, said Corker. Chairman Khalid
al Mawali brings intelligence and enthusiasm to his historic role on
the Consultative Council. I support the councils efforts to give a
voice to the people of Oman and hope their members will visit the U.S.
soon as they continue to navigate the challenges of representative
government.
Corker also visited with private sector executives
from Omans oil and gas industry and midshipmen from the U.S. Naval
Academy studying Arabic in Oman.
December 4, 2013
Senator Corker discusses the value of
public service and the importance of international study and
experience with U.S. Naval Academy students studying Arabic in
Oman.
On Thursday, Corker traveled to Bahrain where he continued to
assess U.S. diplomatic and security relations in the Gulf
region.
Bahrain is an important and longstanding U.S. ally, hosting
the U.S. 5th Fleet, which plays a significant role in regional
stability and protecting the global flow of energy. It is in our national
interest to continue our strong military partnership, ensure the country
remains stable and encourage nonviolent reformers on both sides to
continue to work together to achieve a political solution to Bahrains
own internal problems, said Corker.
During his visit to
Bahrain, Corker met American service members deployed to Bahrain with the
U.S. Navys Fifth Fleet, including Commander Vice Admiral John W.
Miller and sailors and marines from Tennessee.
December 5, 2013
Senator Corker meets
with Tennessee sailors and marines deployed to Bahrain with the U.S.
Fifth Fleet.
PEPFAR
Bill Becomes Law
Senator Corker said
legislation signed into law Monday will reinforce PEPFARs (the U.S.
President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief) success in combating HIV/AIDS
globally. PEPFAR was initiated by President George W.
Bush.
PEPFAR has saved millions of lives in the global fight against HIV/AIDS,
so with this legislation now signed into law, we will be able to
reinforce those gains as the program transitions from an emergency U.S.-led
effort to one in which recipient countries increasingly sustain the
program themselves, said Corker. I very much appreciate my colleagues
on both sides of the aisle in the House and Senate and the president
for their support in building on this successful global health
initiative.
The
PEPFAR Stewardship and Oversight
Act , coauthored by Corker, extends certain program authorities and
strengthens oversight to ensure prevention and treatment services
remain available to those in need.
To keep up with Senator Corker's work in the Senate, follow him
on
Facebook ,
Twitter
and
Instagram .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington,
D.C.
425 Dirksen Senate Office Building | United States
Senate |
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone:
202-224-3344 |
Fax:
202-228-0566
Chattanooga
10 West MLK Blvd., 6th Floor
Chattanooga, TN
37402
Phone: 423-756-2757
Fax: 423-756-5313
Jackson
91 Stonebridge
Boulevard
Suite 103
Jackson, TN 38305
Main: 731-664-2294
Fax:
731-664-4670
Knoxville
800
Market Street, Ste. 121
Knoxville, TN 37902
Phone:
865-637-4180
Fax: 865-637-9886
Memphis
100 Peabody Place, Ste.
1125
Memphis, TN 38103
Phone: 901-683-1910
Fax:
901-575-3528
Tri-Cities
1105 East Jackson Boulevard
Suite 4
Jonesborough, TN
37659
Phone: 423-753-2263
Fax: 423-753-3679
Nashville
3322 West End Ave.,
Ste. 610
Nashville, TN 37203
Phone: 615-279-8125
Fax:
615-279-9488
You can also
Click Here
to contact Senator Bob Corker using an online
form
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
