 You can contact us about your problem here.
On the legislative agenda for the coming year I look forward to continuing our work toward further spending reductions. This begins with approving appropriations bills, a process that Washington has failed to do for number of years. Following this proper procedure allows for proper oversight to help eliminate waste, fraud and abuse of taxpayer dollars. Im hopeful that we will find common ground to advance the policies important to our national interests both home and abroad in 2014.
Quick Takes:
Supporting our Troops: The Senate passed and the President signed the National defense Authorization Act, a critical funding bill that supports our nations troops. Arkansas stands to benefit from this law,
continuing to be an important contributor to our nations defense.
Cutting Federal Spending: The bill passed by Congress outlines government spending through 2015 and should prevent a government shutdown like we faced this past fall. It was a good-faith effort by both sides to find common ground to avoid another shutdown. However, I could not support the measure
as it immediately increases spending with the promise of future cuts and offsets spending by reducing the cost-of-living-adjustments (COLAs) for retired servicemembers under the age of 62. Its simply not appropriate to ask our military retirees for more sacrifice while we continue to ignore our real spending problem.
Farm Bill Forecast: Im optimistic that we will have a Farm Bill that both chambers will approve and the President will sign. As a member of the conference committee that is working out the differences between the House and Senate bills, we are very close to reaching agreement on a final version that will help provide stability to our agriculture community.
Improving EPA Transparency and Fairness: The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) pursues sweeping regulatory reforms and we need to make sure the rule-making process is transparent and fair. Thats why I introduced legislation to reform the science advisory process.
Caring for Veterans: House Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller (R-FL) recently visited Little Rock and we had an opportunity to show him some of the programs that we offer to help veterans in Arkansas.
We also discussed prescription drug abuse among veterans. In a well-intentioned effort to help veterans manage long-term pain, the military and the VA are creating dependencies on prescription drugs with the over-prescription of pain medications. The Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System (CAVHS) is taking steps to limit prescriptions and focus on alternatives to prescription medication. We are also addressing this problem at a national level.
I am cosponsoring a bill in the Senate that would create a prescription drug take-back program for members of the Armed Forces and veterans. Drug take-back programs are common sense efforts that offer a safe option to dispose of old or unneeded medications.
------------------------------------------------
Home: http://boozman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/home
Privacy Policy: http://boozman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/privacypolicy
Unsubscribe: http://boozman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/unsubscribe
Home
|
About
|
News
|
Services
|
Contact
Boozman Bulletin: Happy New Year
The New Year gives us an opportunity to start fresh. It marks a time of optimism and change. While we reevaluate our own lives and make resolutions, business, community and government leaders are also making goals as they plan and prepare for a new chapter. My office is preparing for the future and how we can be the most helpful to all Arkansans.
Helping constituents navigate the federal bureaucracy remains my top priority.
In 2013 we received nearly 2,800 requests for help from Arkansans with a wide range of issues involving the federal government. The vast majority were related to military and veterans issues while more than 500 requests for assistance involved problems with Social Security and Medicare. We also helped with issues involving passports, IRS paperwork, veterans&rsquo; awards and many other matters.
As we plan for 2014 we want to make sure we make it more convenient for Arkansans to use our services to help cut through the red tape. We&rsquo;ll continue hosting mobile office events across the state to help facilitate the requests of Arkansans involving the federal government and we will continue outreach to county officials and participate in civic meetings to look for opportunities to help. If you need
help with a federal agency ,
my staff is ready to help. You can contact us about your problem
here .
On the legislative agenda for
the coming year, I look forward to continuing our work toward further spending reductions. This begins with approving sensible and restrained appropriations bills, a process that Washington has failed to do for number of years. Following this proper procedure allows for proper oversight to help eliminate waste, fraud and abuse of taxpayer dollars. I&rsquo;m hopeful that we will find common ground to advance the policies important to our national interests, both home and abroad, in 2014.
Quick Takes:
Supporting our Troops:
The Senate passed and the President signed the National Defense Authorization Act, a critical funding bill that supports our nation&rsquo;s troops.
Arkansas stands to benefit from this law , continuing to be an important contributor to our nation&rsquo;s defense.
Cutting Federal Spending:
The bill passed by Congress outlines government spending through 2015 and should prevent a government shutdown like we faced this past fall. It was a good-faith effort by both sides to find common ground to avoid another shutdown. However,
I could not support the measure
as it immediately increases spending with the promise of future cuts, rather than beginning the needed spending reduction now, and offsets spending by reducing the cost-of-living-adjustments (COLAs) for retired servicemembers under the age of 62. It&rsquo;s simply not appropriate to ask our military retirees for more sacrifice while we continue to ignore our real spending problem.
Farm Bill Forecast:
I&rsquo;m optimistic that we will have a Farm Bill that both chambers will approve and the President will sign. As a member of the conference committee that is working out the differences between the House and Senate bills,
we are very close to reaching agreement on a final version
that will help provide stability to our agriculture community.
Improving EPA Transparency and Fairness:
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) pursues sweeping regulatory reforms and we need to make sure the rule-making process is transparent and fair.
That&rsquo;s why I introduced legislation to reform the science advisory process.
Caring for Veterans : House Veterans&rsquo; Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller (R-FL) recently visited Little Rock and we had an
opportunity to show him some of the programs that we offer to help veterans in Arkansas.
We also discussed prescription drug abuse among veterans. In a well-intentioned effort to help veterans manage long-term pain, the military and the VA are creating dependencies on prescription drugs with the over-prescription of pain medications. The Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System (CAVHS) is taking steps to limit prescriptions and focus on alternatives to prescription medication. We are also addressing this problem at a national level. I am cosponsoring a bill in the Senate that would
create a prescription drug take-back program for veterans and members of the Armed Forces . Drug take-back programs are common sense efforts that offer a safe option to dispose of old or unneeded medications.
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
