
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
|
Contact
|
My Priorities
|
Services
|
Resources
|
Legislation
|
Media Center
December 27, 2013
Greetings:
As my first year representing you in Congress comes to a
close, It is an honor to be your voice in Washington. I always enjoy the
holiday season because it gives us a chance to reflect on the
blessings we have received over the past year. I feel blessed to have
represented my hometown in the California State Assembly, Los Angeles City
Council and now in the United States House of
Representatives.
I hope this newsletter provides you with useful
information regarding some of my work in Washington, as well as letting
you know about opportunities to take advantage of taxpayer services
provided by my office in the San Fernando Valley. Please do not hesitate
to contact my office if we can be of assistance to
you.
Again, representing you is an honor, and I wish you
and your family a most festive and happy holiday season,
What type of community events would help you and your family
most? Health Care Law
Informational Forums Immigration and
Naturalization Counseling Job Fairs Financial
Literacy Seminars Other *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If
you are having trouble, click here.
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES FOR THE NEW YEAR
In 2014, please
remember that my office is here to help you with any issues you may have
with the Federal Government. Please call my office at 818-504-0090 if
you need assistance. Staff can help with disputes or information
needed concerning:
Social
Security
Medicare
Department of Veterans
Affairs
National Archives Information
Help with
Foreclosures
Tax/IRS
Issues
Passport/Visa,
Immigration and International Travel
HUD Related Cases
(Affordable Housing etc.)
Banks/Financial
Institutions
Military Issues
You can also find out more
about internships in my California and Washington, DC offices; order a
flag flown over the United States Capitol for special occasions; and
learn how to have your son or daughter nominated to attend one of our
military academies. You can also learn about visiting Washington, DC. My
staff can set up tours of the White House, the Capitol and other
public buildings. They can also answer questions about the monuments in
Washington, DC, which I fought hard to have reopened following the end of
the government shutdown.
SIGNATURE EVENTS THIS
FALL
VETERANS DAY
EVENT
On Veterans Day this year, I was happy to host Veterans, from around
the San Fernando Valley, at a forum held at Byrd Middle School in Sun
Valley. I was joined by Assemblyman Raul Bocanegra, L.A. City
Councilwoman Nury Martinez and LAUSD School Boardmember Monica
Ratliff.
All
of us owe a debt that we cannot begin to repay to the millions of men
and women who died on battlefields from 1776 through
today.
One thing we must do to honor their memory is to support and protect
their comrades who came home. I am committed to passing legislation
that will help Veterans, which is why I established a
Veterans Advisory Committee
to help me advocate on behalf of our
heroes.
Recognizing the everyday heroes who live in
our communities is very important to me, and I will continue to host
events like our Veterans Day
forum.
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT INFORMATIONAL
FORUM
On November 9 th , hundreds of Valley residents
came to East Valley High School in North Hollywood, to meet with doctors,
insurance professionals and representatives from
Covered California , to learn more about the health care options
offered under the new Affordable Care Act. The forum was the latest step in
a multi-stage effort by my office to effectively implement the new
health care law in the San Fernando Valley.
In November, I also held two
telephone town hall meetings that included more than 10,000 area residents
in discussions with representatives of the U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and
Covered California. At the same time, more than 160,000 brochures were
mailed to residents of the 29 th
District, detailing how they
could get an insurance policy to protect themselves and their families
from devastating health care costs.
While the new health
care law is by no means perfect, I am committed to making sure you have
all of the information you need to enroll for health care and get the
best value.
To learn more about the Affordable Care Act, please
visit my website to learn how we are working to
Enroll the
Valley .
RECENT LEGISLATION
This fall I have worked
with my colleagues in both parties to try to balance our budget in a way
that supports our economy and to promote job creation.
I will
continue to fight to make sure Valley schools have the resources they
need to help our kids succeed, our community has access to affordable
health care, and small businesses have the resources they need to
succeed.
Over the past few months, I have introduced several bills to
support our
community:
416d65726963612043616e20436f646520 Act of 2013
In December,
I introduced a bill with that very strange title, also known as the
America Can Code Act. This legislation would designate computer
programming languages as critical foreign languages and provide incentives
for state and local schools to teach more computer science beginning as
early as kindergarten. The official short title of the name is
believed to be unique among Congressional legislation.
416d65726963612043616e20436f646520 is the " hexadecimal code "
translation of America Can Code. The name of this law demonstrates that
programming is simply another language. Learning and communicating in a
foreign language can have a tremendous impact on a student, both
culturally and educationally. Computer programming creates a similar impact,
while also providing a critical skill in todays global
economy.
Collegiate Student-Athlete Protection
Act
In late November, I introduced
legislation to protect collegiate student-athlete health and ensure
student-athletes can graduate if they get injured. NCAA Division 1 schools took in
more than $13 billion in athletic revenue in 2011 alone. It is
unacceptable to me that schools earning billions of dollars from amateur
athletics are able to discard these students and destroy their academic
goals after a career-ending injury or simply because they are no longer
athletically competitive.
My bill requires universities and
colleges, who profit most from the exploits of amateur athletes, to
guarantee the opportunity for the student-athlete to both graduate and
maintain their scholarship funding in the event of
injury.
Food Safety
Legislation
In November, I also introduced a bill to help protect more American
families from foodborne illnesses. This legislation would expand food
safety education initiatives to train farmworkers on how to prevent
bacterial contamination of food, how to identify sources of foodborne
contaminants and other means of decreasing food contamination. The
easiest way to stop infections and illness is to start at the source and
farmworkers can provide a strong front line of defense for food safety.
Too many people have died in this country from preventable foodborne
illness. Each year, contaminated food sends 128,000 victims to the
hospital, and it kills 3,000 children and adults. This is important,
simple, commonsense legislation that will save
lives.
Com puter Science in STEM
Act
In August, I introduced a bill to help prepare children in
the Valley, and throughout the United States, for a future working
with computers and networks. The law will prepare children for the
computing jobs of today and tomorrow by adding Computer Science as one of
the core Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM)
classes. We have a duty to educate our children so that each of them has
the opportunity to find a well-paying job that will allow them create
prosperity, raise a family and contribute to our economy. The tech
industry is quickly expanding and adding middle class jobs to the U.S.
economy. We need to ensure that we have a trained workforce to fill these
jobs so we can keep them here at
home.
Community-Based Gang Intervention Act
In
July, I introduced the first bill in a package of legislation designed
to help save taxpayers money, while keeping more of Americas youth out
of the criminal justice system. Currently, the United States
imprisons a markedly greater share of its youth population than any other
developed nation. My law will provide funding and direction for agencies
to intervene in the lives of young people who are at-risk, keeping them
out of the prison system and making our communities safer. It was
modeled after intervention programs funded throughout California by the
Schiff-Crdenas Crime Prevention Act, partially written by myself and
now-Rep. Adam Schiff.
Helping
Heroes Fly Act
I was also proud to co-sponsor and vote
for legislation written by my friend Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii.
Rep. Gabbard's "Helping Heroes Fly Act" was passed through both houses
of Congress and signed by President Obama. It provides a proper and
dignified process for security screening Veterans who have prosthetics or
other disabilities. Removing a belt, shoe or jacket can be more than
just an inconvenience, it can be practically impossible. The Helping
Heroes Fly Act will help make it possible for our courageous Veterans
to fly without facing invasive and often embarrassing
procedures.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
1508 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
202-225-6131
Fax: 202-225-0819
hours: M-F 9-5:30pm
District
Office
9300 Laurel Canyon Blvd.
Second Floor
Arleta, CA
91331
Phone: (818) 504-0090
Fax: (818) 504-0280
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
