
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
November 24, 2013
Capitol Corner: The Broken Promises Keep Piling
Up
It seems like every time we turn on the TV, we are
learning about yet another problem with ObamaCare
and yet another broken
promise made by the
president.
The biggest broken promise so far seems to be the presidents promise
that if you like your health insurance, you can keep your health
insurance.
Administration officials, including the president, were
aware that millions of Americans would lose their health insurance when
the law took effect because it didnt meet the strict criteria of
ObamaCare.
And now that the law has taken effect, more than three
million Americans have already received cancellation
notices.
On top of that, the presidents promise
that if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor was yet another
flight of fancy.
Every day, new stories roll in about the new
restrictions under ObamaCare that are forcing people to change their
doctors.
The most highly publicized was the story of a woman in
California who is losing her current health insurance and being forced
onto the ObamaCare market.
The only insurance available to her
made her choose between the two doctors she uses for her cancer
treatment
both of which she relies upon to save her life.
Unfortunately, this is something we could also see happening in Georgia.
In
addition, its been uncovered that the ObamaCare market plans will not
allow people to visit doctors outside of the state of Georgia, except
in the case of an emergency.
So for those people who live in
the Columbus area and have a doctor in Phoenix City
you will be forced
to find a new doctor if you want your insurance to cover your
visit.
We have most recently learned
that emails from as early as July show that those people who were
developing the ObamaCare website were concerned it would not be ready in
time.
But even with warnings from website designers and high-ranking
officials overseeing the rollout, the Obama Administration forged
ahead
unveiling a website that has been filled with so many problems
and glitches its become a national joke at the expense of the American
people being forced to use it.
In its first month, the website
only saw approximately 106,000 people sign up
and only one quarter of
those used the federal website which covers 36 states.
Over the past few weeks, the Obama
Administration has made several very public new promises regarding
ObamaCare.
Unfortunately, it looks as though they will also be broken.
One of the most blatant is the administrations promise to have
all of the glitches fixed with the website so that it would be up and
running by December 1st.
While it hasnt been confirmed, many
experts and pundits have expressed serious doubts they will be able to
actually meet that deadline.
This could be detrimental to the
millions of Americans that were forced from their current plan.
If
they cannot sign up for a new plan by December 15th, they will not be
able to have continuous coverage starting January 1st.
The reason this rollout has been so
unsuccessful is because this law was poorly written and is apparently
being implemented by so many different government agencies that no one
knows what any is doing or who is responsible for what.
Its an
absolute disgrace.
If the president had listened to Congressional
Republicans and the American people at all instead of digging his heels
in, he could have saved the American people from the destruction of
ObamaCare.
Unfortunately, he has officially passed the point of
no return.
And unless he is willing to work with Republicans to
repeal ObamaCare and start over, he is going to continue to see
problems with this bungled rollout of his failed law.
Share
on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Financial Services Committee
Passes Westmoreland Legislation on CFPB Data
Disclosure
This week, the House Financial
Services Committee marked up several pieces of legislation, including
a bill I wrote that would allow every American the opportunity to
request a copy of all the information the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau has collected on them.
H.R. 3183 was marked up in committee
this week and passed by the
committee.
I am against government data collection that serves no
government purpose and has little to no oversight, and would like to see the
practice stop completely.
At the very least, we owe every
American the opportunity to access the information the CFPB is collecting on
them.
Thats why I have introduced H.R. 3183.
Its a
common sense bill with bipartisan support that gives people access to their
CFPB report annually, just like they have access to their credit
report annually.
According to a CFPB
strategic planning document, the agency plans to monitor 80 percent of
all credit card transactions in 2013.
In addition, they hope to
monitor up to 95 percent of all mortgage transactions.
Currently, according to testimony by CFPB Director Richard Cordray, the agency
is monitoring credit card usage at 110 banks, including Bank of
America and American Express.
And once they have collected all this
data, they have very little security in place to keep the information
safe.
In July, CFPB Deputy
Director Steven Antonakes testified before the Financial Services Committee
and made some pretty concerning statements regarding how consumers
private information was being handled by the agency. He alerted the
committee that, at a minimum, 830 CFPB employees and contractors have
access to consumers personal financial data.
Not only is that high
number concerning, but it was shocking to learn that they dont
actually know exactly how many people have access
this was just an
estimate.
And the people who do have access to this data have no
security clearance.
This markup is an
important step to progress the legislation forward to a vote by the full
House of Representatives.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
Join the Conversation
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
In Other News
VIDEO: Westmoreland Honors Rangers of 75th Ranger
Regiment
On Wednesday, November 20th, Congressman Westmoreland
gave a speech on the House floor honoring the brave soldiers of the
75th Ranger Regiment...
VIDEO: Fox News:
'Pleading' distress calls made from
US consulate on night of Benghazi
attack
Congressman Westmoreland discusses the House Intel Committee's investigation
on Special report with Bret Baier...
Westmoreland Gives Opening Statement at Financial
Services Flood Insurance Hearing
On Tuesday,
November 19, 2013, Congressman Westmoreland gave an opening statement at
the House Committee Financial Services hearing entitled Implementation
of the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Act of 2012: Protecting
Taxpayers and Homeowners...
The Health Insurers' Bailout: The Latest Waste of Taxpayer Money
on Bungled ObamaCare Rollout
One of the latest
little tid bits that is coming out about ObamaCare is most certainly one
of the most shocking.
While this law provides no protection for
the American people who are losing their insurance, their doctor, and
even more of their hard earned money, it DOES provide protection for
health insurance companies
with the use of taxpayer
money...
Politico: HHS to
delay 2015 Obamacare enrollment by a month
Health
and Human Services plans to delay the start of the second year of
Obamacare enrollment by one month to allow insurers more time to set rates
after assessing their plan experiences during 2014, a department
official said Thursday night...
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE 2433 Rayburn House Office Bldg Washington,
DC 20515 Phone (202) 225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT OFFICE
1601-B East Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia
30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770) 683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
