
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Randy
Serving You
News
Our District
Contact
January 04, 2014
Dear
Friends,
As we enter the second session of
the 113 th
Congress, I want to hear from you about the
issues you think are important in the coming year and what I can do to help
address them.
Last month, Congress passed the Bipartisan Budget
Act of 2013, the first budget agreement passed by a divided Congress
since 1986. I had pressed for the agreement to be more robust, but in
the end found great value in passing a bipartisan piece of legislation
that addresses the long-term spending of your taxpayer dollars. This
was an important first step in tackling our massive $17 trillion debt
and improving oversight of how American tax dollars are
spent.
Our
economy continues to recover, but many are still out of work or are
living paycheck to paycheck. I am committed to passing responsible
legislation that will create jobs and remove the undue burdens the federal
government has put in place that stifle economic growth and new
hiring.
But I want your input as I continue to represent you in
2014.
Please take a few minutes to give me your
thoughts by completing my online survey
below.
If you havent
already, be sure to like my
Facebook page , follow me on Twitter ( @RepHultgren ), or check
out my
YouTube page
to stay
informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and in
Illinois.
As always, thank you for the honor and privilege of serving
you.
In Your
Service,
Randy
Hultgren
Member of
Congress
14th District,
Illinois
Constituent
Survey 2014 Please take a few minutes to
answer the survey below. I look forward to hearing from you! Do you support the bipartisan
budget agreement that passed in December to fund the government for two
years? Yes No Not sure Do you think your share of the federal tax burden
is: Too
high Too low Satisfactory Compared to last year, do you think your
income is falling behind or keeping up with your monthly
costs? Falling behind Keeping up Not sure Do you believe increased government regulation on
business will: Protect workers and allow businesses to hire and grow Stifle the economy and businesses ability
to expand and hire new employees Have little to no effect on the economy Do you think federal agencies
like the IRS and NSA have: Too little power Too much power Not
sure Do you
support the Presidents health care law? Yes Yes, but Im not happy with the increase in premium
rates Yes, but Im not happy about
losing my doctor No,
government intrusion in the health insurance marketplace is causing
rates to rise
No,
government intrusion in the health insurance marketplace caused my employer
to drop coverage No,
but we need an alternative Not sure In the next year, do you expect your cost of health insurance
to: Increase Decrease Stay the same I don't have health insurance What do you think the Presidents
top priority in 2014 should be? Reversing the damage of the healthcare law Improving our national security and
standing in the world Introducing a fully paid-for extension of unemployment
benefits Reducing our deficit and
debt Bringing
transparency to the White House and NSA Signing House-passed legislation to create
jobs Reforming our immigration
system Reducing government
regulation Making
college more affordable for students What do you think is the most pressing issue
facing veterans today? Backlog in disability claims Delayed doctor visits Level of benefits Inadequate access to mental health care Transitioning into civilian workforce after
service Do you
support Illinois new law to deal with the state pension
crisis? Yes No Not sure I sit on the House Financial Services Committee which oversees
much of the banking, investment and loan industries. In the next year,
which of the following activities do you plan to engage
in? Buy home or add an
addition Buy a
car Begin or pay off
student loans Open a new line of credit Plan for retirement Purchase a home, car or life insurance
policy Open a new bank
account Borrow for
healthcare purposes Of the following issues, which two are the most important to
you? Jobs and the
economy Healthcare/Affordable Care Act Tax reform Immigration Agricultural production National security Transparency and government abuse Education Federal budget Transportation and
infrastructure Pensions and retirement
security Other What is your
preferred way to receive news from me? E-mail newsletter Social media
(Twitter/Facebook) In-person
meeting Visiting the website
(Hultgren.house.gov) Traditional mail Additional comments (optional): If you are having trouble, click here.
Contact Information
Washington, DC
332
Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-2976
Fax: (202) 225-0697
Geneva Office
1797 State Street Suite A
Geneva, IL 60134
Phone: (630) 232-7104
Fax: (630) 232-7174
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
