
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
December 13, 2013
In This Week's Edition of
E-News ...
Murphy Introduces The Helping Families In Mental Health
Crisis Act
As
the first anniversary of the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary
approaches on Saturday, Congressman Tim Murphy unveiled his landmark mental
health reform legislation, the
Helping Families In
Mental Health Crisis Act
(H.R. 3717), after a
year-long investigation
into the nations broken mental health
system.
If we want
to change these trends in victimization of the mentally ill and the
persistently mentally ill, if we want to reduce the high number of
suicides, homicides and assaults ... if we want to prevent the Newtowns,
Tucsons, Auroras, Pittsburghs, and Columbines, we have to do
research-based reform, and we have to do it now, Murphy said in a
speech Thursday
on the House floor (click here to
read
it).
C lick
to watch Rep. Murphy deliver remarks to the House on his new mental
health
reforms.
Murphys bill is the most ambitious attempt to overhaul
the mental health system since President Kennedys Community Mental
Health Centers Act of 1963. Covering Thursdays press conference were
the Associated Press,
KDKA and CBS News ,
NBC and WPXI ,
ABC and WTAE , the
Wall Street Journal , the
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
and others. Joining Murphy at
the press event were Reps. Bill Cassidy (R-LA), MD, and Leonard Lance
(R-NJ), original
cosponsors
of the
legislation . A photo of the event was captured by the
Associated
Press .
At numerous meetings, forums, and hearings held
over the past year, Dr. Murphy heard from clinicians, parents, and
others about the many millions with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and
major depression going without care. In addition to focusing programs
and resources on psychiatric care for patients and families most in
need of services, Murphys bill specifically addresses the gaps in care
for adults and children with serious mental
illness.
After uncovering the misuse
of taxpayer dollars by organizations that actively interfere to stop
lifesaving treatments for the severely ill, the Helping Families In
Mental Health Crisis Act ensures families and caregivers are empowered,
not anti-medical activists opposed to inpatient psychiatric care. Murphy
criticized the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services
Administration for giving federal funds to these groups, calling it, morally
reprehensible and unethical. Click
here
to read
A Death In the Family , an example of how these
so-called patients rights and disability rights activists
intervened in a case in Maine with devastating
consequences.
The Helping Families In Mental Health
Crisis Act addresses concerns that the Health Information Privacy and
Accountability Act (HIPAA) and Family Educational Rights and Privacy
Act (FERPA) frustrate the efforts of physicians to share critical
information about a young adults mental state with parents. And, the bill
empowers parents and caregivers by breaking down the barriers that
prevent mental health professionals from talking to parents of a loved
one who is suffering from an acute mental health
crisis.
On Thursday,
KDKA-TV
ran a story about the legislation featuring an
interview with Gibsonia residents Ruth Johnston and her father, David.
Ruths young adult son Levi, who has schizophrenia, fatally stabbed his
grandmother at the breakfast table because he believed he was commanded
to do so by the archangel Michael. The Johnstons were unable to get
Levi into treatment because he had never shown signs of being dangerous
to that point. The Murphy legislation fixes this problem so parents
and others are empowered to get their very sick children or loved ones
medical help for a psychiatric
illness.
Praise and support from medical doctors,
law enforcement, mental health groups like the American Psychiatric
Association and the National Alliance on Mental Illness, and parents
whose families have been impacted by mental illness, have come from all
parts of the country for the
Helping Families In
Mental Health Crisis
Act .
In the wake of Tucson, Aurora, Sandy Hook, the Navy
Yard, and so many other high-profile tragedies involving persons with
serious mental illness, Representative Tim Murphy is to be congratulated
for having the courage to make this bold attempt to improve our
obviously broken mental health system, said Fred Frese, a psychologist and
former vice president at the
National Alliance on
Mental Illness .
Click to learn more about the Helping Families In Mental Health Crisis
Act. Credit:
AP
The bill increases access to inpatient and outpatient
treatment. The lack of an available psychiatric beds was cited as a
potential factor in the recent tragedy involving Virginia state senator
Creigh Deeds. In introducing the bill, Dr. Murphy pointed to the
critical lack of inpatient treatment options for those with SMI,
explaining that the number of psychiatric beds has fallen from 550,000 in 1955
to just 40,000 today despite the countrys population doubling in
size. It also provides alternatives to inpatient care through
court-ordered "Assisted Outpatient Treatment" to reduce rates of imprisonment,
homelessness, substance abuse, and costly ER visits for the chronically
mentally ill.
The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act moves towards a
data-driven, evidence-based model of care as developed by clinicians at
the National Institute of Mental Health so treatment is accessed
through the healthcare system rather than the costlier criminal justice
system. More than 20% to 50% of prison inmates are estimated to have a
mental illness.
Rep. Murphy said his Oversight Subcommittee would be continuing its
investigation into the broken mental health system and addressing the
issues raised by the bill. A summary of the Helping Families in Mental
Health Crisis Act, along with letters of support, can be found on Murphys
website
here .
To share your thoughts on mental health reform or
share a personal story with Congressman Murphy, please click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington
D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt.
Lebanon Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg,
PA 15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
