
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
December 22, 2013
Lynns Weekly Update
Merry Christmas; Protecting Military
Benefits; Congress to Kansas Tour; Another ObamaCare
Delay
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas and
happy holidays to everyone celebrating over the next couple weeks.
Please travel safe, and I hope you are able to enjoy some time with family
and friends. For those unable to be with loved ones this holiday
season, you are in my thoughts and prayers. And to our service men and
women, who work tirelessly protecting our nation and our freedoms, thank
you from the bottom of my heart for your commitment and
sacrifice.
Supporting Our Troops &amp; Protecting Military
Retirement Benefits
This week, Congress reached a rare,
bipartisan budget agreement, which helps our nation reduce the deficit
over the long-term, reducing more spending than even the sequester.
The arbitrary sequester cuts threatened our military readiness, and I am
pleased the budget agreement replaced the sequester cuts with smarter
reforms, and allows for greater savings.
In this budget
agreement, the cost of living adjustment (COLA) was reduced by one
percent for military retirees under age 62. While I did not support this
particular provision, I voted for the overall bill because I wanted to
avoid a government shutdown, prevent future furloughs, and reduce our
long-term deficits without increasing taxes on hardworking American
families. I have heard from many Kansans about my vote supporting the
budget agreement and their concerns regarding this issue. I want you to
know I am listening, and in the coming weeks, I will do everything I
can to hold firm on the overall deficit reduction in the bill and on the
provisions I support. However, I will work to reform the provisions I
do not agree with, such as reducing military retirement benefits, and
find additional savings in other sections of the federal budget.
This week, I cosponsored
H.R.
3787 , a bill introduced by Rep. James Lankford (R-OK), that would restore
the previous COLA increase for all military retirees. To ensure the
cost-savings in the budget agreement are still enacted, H.R. 3787
instructs the Department of Defense and the Veterans Administration to
pursue joint purchasing for prescriptions, which has an estimated savings
of $7.3 billion over the next 10 years. Finally, the bill would
prohibit members of Congress who retire before the age of 62 from receiving a
COLA increase before they hit retirement
age.
Congress to Kansas Tour: Osage, Franklin, Douglas, Jackson, Shawnee,
Jefferson, Bourbon, and Crawford Counties
On Monday, I
visited Osage and Franklin Counties where I met with a government
class at Marais des Cygnes Valley High School and community members in
Melvern on how various issues in Washington impact them. I also toured
Dodson International Parts Inc. in Rantoul
and
learned about the great things they are doing for the aviation community
in Kansas, across the country, and around the
globe.
Photo at Marais des Cygnes Valley High School
I
held Open Office Hours in my Topeka office on Tuesday, where I was able
to meet one-on-one with a number of individuals and listen to their
concerns. Over lunch, I had the opportunity to speak with the Greater
Topeka Chamber of Commerce/GO Topeka, and finished my day in Lawrence
with a meeting of the Kansas Angel Capital Association to discuss
business startups and the economic climate for entrepreneurs.
On
Thursday, I helped assemble bags for our troops and their families at
the Military Holiday Food Bag Event hosted by Walmart and the Kansas
National Guard Foundation. In the afternoon, I traveled to Holton where
I toured the Holton Meat Processing facility and met with David Powls
at the Holton Recorder. The last stop of the day was in Valley Falls
to meet with Valley Falls Mayor Charlie Stutesman, the Valley Falls
Vindicator, and other local business owners.
More
photos here .
Photo at Military Holiday Food Bag
Event
On Friday, I was in Southeast Kansas visiting
Pittsburg and Fort Scott. My staff and I hosted an open house at my Pittsburg
office, and then I took a tour of the award-winning Kansas Polymer
Research Center (KPRC) at Pittsburg State University. KPRC is one of the
world's leading centers specializing in vegetable oil-based polymer
research and development. In the afternoon, I visited four small
businesses in Pittsburg; Signet Coffee, Rons Supermarket, Lindburg
Pharmacy, and Pinamonti Physical Therapy. On the way back to Topeka, I also
caught up with the folks at Valu Merchandisers Company in Fort Scott. It
is important to meet with employers and employees, so I understand
what these businesses need to grow and create jobs.
More photos here .
Photo at Kansas Polymer
Research Center at Pittsburg State University
Photo at Signet Coffee in
Pittsburg
Photo at Pinamonti Physical Therapy in
Pittsburg
Latest ObamaCare Delay
With only
days left before coverage is supposed to begin on January 1, 2014,
problems from the ObamaCare rollout continue to plague Americans
concerned about cancelled health plans, higher premiums, security issues with
Healthcare.gov, and more.
This week Health and Human
Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius announced another ObamaCare delay for
the millions of Americans who lost their health care plans due to new
requirements in the presidents health care law. These individuals who
lost coverage, and have not been able to enroll on the website will
not be subject to the ObamaCare tax from not having health insurance
starting in January. Unfortunately, the administration did not extend
this delay to those who have not been able to sign up due to a website
that is still not working properly.
This would not have been
a problem if the President had kept his promise about this law in the
first place: If you like your plan you can keep it. And, I believe
it is irresponsible and wrong that the administration is still issuing
new delays so close to the deadline for those trying to obtain
coverage, especially when many Americans have already been forced to buy new,
more expensive health plans due to problems created by
ObamaCare.
I remain committed to repealing and replacing this
unaffordable, unworkable, and unfair law with a solution that is patient-driven.
I will continue my work on the House Ways and Means Committee to
conduct oversight of this law and address the challenges it is creating for
hardworking Americans and their families.
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
Click
Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from
my office to your e-mail
account.
Share on Twitter Share on Facebook
Please Feel Free to Tell
a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka
Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS
67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 