
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
BIOGRAPHY
SERVICES
ISSUES
NEWSROOM
DISTRICT
CONTACT
December 18, 2013
In
this issue:
Opening
Message
|
P overty
|
Immigration
|
Health
Care
|
Voting Rights
|
Budget
Season's Greetings Friend,
At this time of the year, many Americans enjoy holiday celebrations
filled with love and laughter, which is what I wish for all my
constituents.
Unfortunately, many of our friends and neighbors in the
District struggle with economic hardship and they face daunting challenges
in the year ahead.
There are 39,100 Ohioans who will
lose federal extended unemployment benefits this month (source: Ohio
Department of Jobs and Family Services) and 1.8 million Ohioans who
saw a reduction in food assistance last month.
The saving grace
is that Northeast Ohio is full of hardworking people with a relentless
spirit to prosper and to help one another. I am proud of our
community's commitment to caring as I earnestly work to ensure that everyone is
properly represented and
served.
FEDERAL UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS EXPIRE ON DECEMBER 28,
2013
The House recessed for the year without
taking action on several important matters and in the process, ignored
the needs of millions of Americans. The most urgent was the failure to
extend federal emergency unemployment benefits that will expire on
December 28 th .
According the
Bureau of Labor Statistics, approximately 1.3 million workers (including
39,100 Ohioans) who currently receive extended benefits will lose them
by year end .
An additional 3.6 million people (48,800 Ohioans)
will lose access to those benefits in the first six months of
2014.
Withholding basic help to people who have lost jobs
through no fault of their own is not only immoral but economically
unwise.
A report issued earlier this month by the White House Council
of Economic Advisers (CEA) shows that letting federal unemployment
compensation lapse would damage our economic recovery.
The CEA
report estimates the loss of extended benefits would drop the U.S. gross
domestic product in 2014 by .2 to.4 percent.
That may not
sound like much but it translates into billions of dollars that will not
circulate in the economy.
Elimination of the program will also
lead to an estimated 6,535 fewer jobs in Ohio in 2014 (source: Bureau
of Labor Statistics).
The federal unemployment program is
effective in lifting millions of people out of poverty. I have always
voted in favor of extending unemployment compensation during times of
high unemployment and I will vigorously work to convince my colleagues
in 2014 to retroactively reinstate benefits while our economy
continues to recover.
IMMIGRATION REFORM IS GOOD
FOR OHIO
Earlier this month, I sat and prayed with people in our nation's
capital who were fasting to show they are dedicated to comprehensive
immigration reform.
I share their disappointment in the House
Majority for obstructing a vote on the Border Security, Economic
Opportunity and Immigration Modernization Act.
This legislation is
modeled after the Senate-passed immigration bill and supported by various
business, agricultural, religious and
law-enforcement groups.
The power of immigration has allowed our economy to
flourish, families in our communities to stay together and high-skilled
workers to keep our nation competitive.
The non-partisan
Congressional Budget Office reported that immigration reform would reduce the
deficit by $197 billion over the first 10 years and $700 billion in
the second decade.
Therefore, I strongly support a pathway to
citizenship for the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants while
advocating for policies that recognize the benefits of diversity among
foreign applicants seeking visas or permanent residency in the United
States.
MEDICAID EXPANSION AND
HEALTH COVERAGE OPTIONS THROUGH THE AFFORDABLE CARE
ACT
Medicaid, a federal
health insurance program for low-income individuals that is managed by
individual states, has been expanded to include 275,000 more
Ohioans.
The State of Ohio opened enrollment this month and its website,
benefits.ohio.gov, offers eligibility requirement information.
Applications are available year-round and are offered in addition to forms
available through the Affordable Care Act Health Insurance
Marketplace.
If you're looking to purchase insurance individually
or to find out if you qualify for Medicaid, please visit
healthcare.gov
to compare low-cost health
plans and find the coverage best for you.
As a reminder, every
American with a few exceptions must enroll in a health plan by March
31, 2014.
If you have coverage through Medicare, an employer or
other group plan, you do not need to use the Health Insurance
Marketplace.
If you prefer to use a toll free telephone number to apply
or for more information, please call
1-800-318-2596.
RESTRICTIVE VOTING BILLS IN OHIO
Late last month, I sent a
letter
to U.S. Attorney General Eric
Holder asking him to examine House Bill 269 and Senate Bill 238, two
pending bills in Ohio, which impose photo identification restrictions and
reduce early voting days, respectively.
These restrictive
voting laws will impact hundreds of thousands of voters in Ohio, a
significant portion of them African American, who have voted in record
numbers during recent elections. In a swing state with a history of
legislators manipulating voting laws to limit access, these two recent
legislative maneuvers are particularly troubling so I look forward to AG
Holders report.
BUDGET DEAL
COMPROMISE
I am
grateful that the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 will provide $63
billion in sequester relief over the next two years.
The automatic
spending cuts of the sequester have weakened our economy, eroded our
social safety net and should be completely eliminated.
It is
disappointing however, that the budget agreement does not extend emergency
unemployment benefits and reduces rehabilitating loan funding for the
Federal Family Education Loan (FFEL) program.
Also, I could not
in good conscience vote for this budget knowing that federal employees,
the backbone of a functioning government, have already endured a
three year wage freeze (source: White House Administration) and
contributed approximately $114 billion over ten years to help reduce the
governments deficit.
The budget process is an opportunity to
advance the nation's priorities.
The very things that matter to many
Americansgrowing income inequality, a shortage of jobs and the lack
of adequate investment in education and infrastructure, as well as
basic assistance for struggling individuals who have lost jobs through no
fault of their ownare not addressed in the budget agreement.
I
deeply regret that this important opportunity to move America
forward. I will continue to encourage Congress to pass jobs legislation next
year, which is the most pressing issue in the District as reported by
the latest survey question (shown in the right
toolbar).
Happy New Year,
Marcia L. Fudge
Member
of Congress
Join me on my next
Telephone Townhall
Sign Up
Here
Stay Connected
by r ecieving my
E-Newsletters
Click on the Cleveland Plain
Dealer
article above to read about
Rep. Fudge's trip to
South Africa.
Words of a Wise Man Nelson Mandela passed away Dec. 5th and I was honored
to co-lead the Congressional Black Caucus delegation to South Africa
for his memorial service.
While traveling, I shared my favorite
quotes from the human rights icon on Facebook and Twitter.
I received some
great feedback and want to know which words impacted you the most.
Pick your favorite quote below and I will try my very best to live by
that standard everyday as I represent you.
"When a man has done what he considers to be his
duty to his people and his country, he can rest in peace. (Interview
for Mandela, 1994) "If
you want to make peace with an enemy, one must work with that enemy
and that enemy becomes your partner." (From Long Walk to Freedom,
1995) Real leaders must be
ready to sacrifice all for the freedom of their people.
(Kwazulu-Natal, South Africa, 1998) "What counts in life is not the mere fact that we have lived. It is
what difference we have made to the lives of others that will
determine the significance of the life we lead." (Johannesburg, South Africa,
2002) *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
Click on the Fox-8
Cleveland article
above to read about
Congresswoman
Fudge's attempt
to keep Lockheed Matin
open.
Click on the YouTube video
to watch
Congresswoman
Fudge's speech about Medicaid
expansion
in Ohio.
Congresswoman Fudge
shaking
shaking hands with Senator Harry
Reid before the
filibuster reform
press conference Nov. 21,
2013.
Click on the
Cleveland
Plain Dealer article above to
read the
bipartisan op-ed about
the quality of care
seniors
should receive.
Survey
Results
Question:
Congress must address all important issues, but what do you consider the
most pressing issue to move our country forward?
Answer
Total
Putting more Americans to work by passing job
legislation
50.00%
Reducing the deficit right
away
15.18%
Reforming the immigration
system
3.51%
Strengthening Social Security and
Medicare
19.81%
Other
11.50%
Please continue to
participate in these polls and help keep me informed about your opinions.
Thank you.
Washington, D.C.
2344 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-7032
Fax: (202)
225-1339
District Office - Cuyahoga
County
4834 Richmond Road, Suite
150
Warrensville Heights, OH
44128
Phone: (216) 522-4900
Fax: (216) 522-4908
District Office - Summit County
1225 Lawton Street
Akron, OH 44320
Phone: (330)
835-4758
Fax: (330)
835-4863
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 