
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
Home
About Me
Services
13th District
Media
Center
Legislation
Contact Me
"&gt;
December 27, 2013
Dear
Friend:
As 2013 comes to a close, I both look back with pride at what we
accomplished in New York's 13th District and with hope for what we can
achieve in the upcoming year. I am just as passionate about our
district's future as I was when I first joined Congress, and I hope you can
join me at some of these events next year!
In August, I joined singer Alicia Keys and other community
leaders at Harlem Hospital, where we held an open and honest conversation
about the high rates of HIV/AIDS facing the community and what can be
done to address it.
I hosted a
career fair at The City College of New York, connecting over 1,500 job
seekers with scores of America's leading businesses, government agencies
and non-profit organizations.
I, along with seven other Democratic colleagues, urgued Congress to
pass immigration reform. I was an original cosponsor of the Border
Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act, a
comprehensive immigration reform bill that I will fight hard to pass in
2014.
I met with my
constituents at a Free Tax Filing Event In The Bronx, where I helped my
constituents who made $57,000 or less in 2012 e-file their taxes for free using
the IRS Free File program.
I was a keynote speaker at a
forum on the New York State Health Exchange, sponsored by Health First,
where I answered my constituents' questions about the implementation
and benefits of the Affordable Care Act.
I have actively worked in Congress to improve
technologies and jobs along with Silicon Harlem and solicited ideas,
transforming Harlem into a major East Coast technology destination . I truly
believe that we can bring about a second Harlem Renaissance and
transform Harlem into the next Silicon Valley in America.
In collaboration with
The CUNY Office of Veterans Affairs, the Department of Veterans
Affairs, Bronx Community College, and the Library of Congress, I hosted a
Day to Honor Our Heroes, in which I and other speakers gave
presentations on VA health care and services and provided career resources for our
veterans.
I joined other business
leaders at a Business and Innovation Conference at Lehman College in the
Bronx.
I hosted a Social Security Info Fair at
Lehman College, where I, along with Bea Disman from the New York Social
Security Office, answered your questions about Social Security
benefits.
Please
visit
my website
at
www.Rangel.house.gov
for frequent updates. I value your
feedback, so please
leave me your comments .
Don't forget to like me on
Facebook
and follow me on
Twitter . It's always a great
honor serving you.
Best regards,
Charles
Rangel
Please forward my e-newsletter to your
friends &amp; family.
Which event would you be most interested in
attending in 2014?
Health Care Immigration Reform Veterans' Benefits Economic Development
Social Security Medicare Medicaid Jobs Fair
Education/College Affordability *By answering this survey, you are
subscribing to my newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
SOME OF THE
LEGISLATION I AM WORKING ON:
H.R.
1728:
Enforce Existing Gun Laws
This
legislation removes numerous appropriation riders that have handcuffed the
very government agency charged with investigating gun trafficking and
stopping the flow of guns to criminals, individuals with mental illness
and people who might hurt themselves with
guns.
Various Immigration Reform Laws, including
H.R.15 -
Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act
2013
H.R.3163 - CIR ASAP Act of 2013
H.R.717 -
Reuniting Families Act 2013
H.R.629 - Violence Against
Immigrant Women Act of 2013
H.R.519 - Uniting American Families
Act of 2013
H.Res.428 - Honoring Dominican-Americans in
the United States 2011
H.R. 6497 - Development, Relief, and
Education for Alien Minors Act of 2010
Americas legacy has
been crafted by generations of hard-working men and women who moved to
the United States from all over the globe in search of a better life.
We need to act swiftly on immigration legislation that will improve
our American workforce.
H.R. 2839:
Restore
Honor to Service Members Act
This bipartisan bill
ensures members of the armed forces who served honorably, but were
discharged and given a punitive discharge classification solely because of
their sexual orientation have their records corrected to reflect their
honorable service. This will allow them to access all the benefits
normally given to our Veterans, including health and burial rights. It
also guarantees that same sex couples in the military have the same
freedoms to engage in their relationships as partners of the opposite sex.
H.R. 2001:
Veterans E-Health
&amp; Telemedicine Support Act of 2013
Congress has
a responsibility to provide this care as efficiently and effectively
as possible - increasing efficiency and effectiveness can be achieved
with access to telemedicine.
H.R. 2510:
Helping Veterans Exposed to Toxic Chemicals
Act
This bill directs the Secretary of Defense to establish within the
Department of Defense (DOD) three centers of excellence in the prevention,
diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilitation of health
conditions relating to exposure to open burn pits and other environmental
exposures.
D.C. Office:
2354 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4365
F: 202-225-0816
New York Office:
163 West 125th St., Suite
#737
New York, NY 10027
Phone: 212-663-3900
Fax:
212-663-4277
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 