DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
You can
view this email in your browser
Capitol Update December 11, 2013
Nearly 150 pro-jobs bills piled up in Senate
Creating jobs for middle-class families and strengthening our economy for everyone continues to be a central focus for me and my colleagues in the House.
With last week's passage of a bipartisan patent-reform bill and a measure that reduces costly regulation making it harder for small businesses to access capital and grow, the House has sent nearly 150 pro-jobs bills to the U.S. Senate where they await action.
We will continue working to make sure local businesses of all sizes can grow and hire workers. We'll do that by continuing to take aim at costly regulation that increases bureaucracy and discourages innovation and investment.
The two pro-jobs bills I voted for last week were:
H.R. 1105 , the proposed Small Business Capital Access and Job Preservation Act --This legislation would rollback stringent Dodd-Frank rules on small, private equity funds, which many start-ups and new businesses rely on for capital to get off the ground. The bill passed by a 254-159 margin ( Roll Call #622 ).
H.R. 3309 , the proposed Innovation Act -- This bill targets abusive patent litigation by increasing transparency within the litigation process and requiring parties to disclose more initial information to explain why a suit is being filed.
The bill also provides for education and outreach to small businesses; requires studies on abusive patent litigation; and makes improvements and corrections to the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act. The legislation passed by a vote of 325-91 ( Roll Call #629 ).
My best "no" vote
So far, the President's health-care law has resulted in less coverage at higher costs for many families. During recent telephone town halls and visits throughout the District, constituents have been expressing their concerns about the health care law and the stress and uncertainty it is causing.
The Ways and Means Health Subcommittee, which I serve on, continues to work on holding the President and his Administration accountable for the various headaches the law has created as well as working on real reforms, which
would control cost, cut red tape, and makes patients and doctors the focal point of health care decision-making, as opposed to Washington bureaucrats.
Last week, I participated in a panel discussion hosted by The Ripon Society
along with three of my colleagues on the Ways &amp; Means Health Subcommittee: U.S. Reps. Adrian Smith (NE-03), Tom Price (GA-06) and Kevin Brady (TX-8).
During the discussion, I explained that my vote in 2010 to oppose passage of Obamacare was the best no vote Ive had in my 24 years of state legislative and now federal legislative service.
It is just a terrible, terrible Act.
Our obligation moving forward is, number one, identify the problems -- weve pretty clearly been able to do that.
Two, offer a positive agenda in Congress and to our constituents about how we will fix this situation.
And at the same time, we have to help our constituents through a problem that we didnt create with our vote.
You can watch the entire panel
discussion here .
The Ways and Means Health Subcommittee also held a hearing last week on the challenges of Obamacare. The Subcommittee focused on the problems created by low enrollment numbers, changes in premium costs, and the President's unilateral decision to delay the small business insurance marketplace -- a move announced as most families were traveling and preparing for the Thanksgiving holiday.
During the hearing, I questioned Scott Gottlieb, Resident Fellow at The American Enterprise Institute; Chris Carlson, of Oliver Wyman, which is a Washington-based international consulting firm; and
Mike Kreidler, Insurance Commissioner for Washington state. Watch my exchanges with
them here .
Forgotten No More
As we near the 69 th
anniversary of one of the decisive battles in Europe during World War II, a resolution I recently introduced with my colleague from Pennsylvania, Chaka Fattah (PA-2nd District), would formally recognize the valor and sacrifice of 11 African American soldiers captured, tortured and ruthlessly executed by Nazi troops in a pasture in Wereth, Belgium on the second day of the Battle of the Bulge.
The resolution,
H. Con. Res. 68 , also calls on the U.S. Senates Armed Services Committee to revise a 1949 subcommittee report to include an appropriate recognition of the massacre of the 11 African-American soldiers of the 333 rd
Field Artillery Battalion of the U.S. Army who were beaten, stabbed and shot multiple times at the hands of their Nazi captors almost seven decades ago on December 17, 1944. The original subcommittee report documented a dozen similar massacres during the Battle of the Bulge, but did not include any reference to the killings in Wereth.
The 11 soldiers massacred, known as the Wereth 11, were: Curtis Adams of South Carolina; Mager Bradley of Mississippi, George Davis Jr. of Alabama; Thomas Forte of Mississippi; Robert Green of Georgia; James Leatherwood of Mississippi; Nathaniel Moss of Texas; George Motten of Texas; William Pritchett of Alabama; James Stewart of West Virginia; and Due Turner of Arkansas.
Read more about the Wereth 11 in this
USA Today
article.
Our country shall be forever grateful to every member of the Greatest Generation who contributed to the defeat of fascism in Europe and laid down their lives so that future generations could enjoy the blessing of freedom.
Every now and then, it takes history a while to accurately reflect the monumental moments that have helped chart its course. Thats certainly the case with these 11 African-American soldiers who courageously fought on the front line in the Ardennes against a relentless enemy and eventually made the ultimate sacrifice for their fellow soldiers and our nation. This resolution is a tribute nearly seven decade overdue. And it is indeed a privilege to work with my colleague, Congressman Fattah, to ensure that the story of the exemplary service and incredible sacrifice of these 11 soldiers is always remembered .
Connect Online
Get These Updates
Forward to a Friend
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Email Me
Around the 6th District
Legislative Update at Shannondell
Residents at Shannondell in Lower Providence receive a legislative update on issues ranging from budget talks to the problems with Obamacare to the status of bills to overhaul the immigration system and secure our southern border.
Family-owned Gretz Beer
Small beer distributors, such as Gretz Beer Co. in Norristown, employ more than 130,000 men and women in the U.S., according to the National Beer Wholesalers Association. It was great to hear about Gretz's innovative methods for serving customers and their plans to continue growing and contributing to the economic vibrancy of southeastern Pennsylvania.
Lebanon County Career
&amp; Technology Center
My colleague, Charlie Dent (PA-15th District), and I met with administrators, faculty and students to learn more about how the school in Lebanon prepares students for careers in nursing, auto body repair, mechanical engineering, food service and a variety of other high-skill industries and trades. As members of the House German-American Caucus, Congressman Dent and I were especially interested the school's recently-created apprenticeship program with German-based Schott Pharmaceutical Packaging, which operates a plant in South Lebanon Township. The apprenticeship program gives students the skills most in demand in the workplace and allows them to find jobs more easily.
Phoebe Berks Legislative Update
During my first visit to Phoebe Berks in Wernersville, residents provided feedback on a number of federal issues.
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
202.225.4315 tel
202.225.8440 fax
CHESTER OFFICE
111 East Uwchlan Avenue
Exton, PA 19341
610.594.1415 tel
610.594.1419 fax
BERKS OFFICE
840 N. Park Road
Wyomissing, Pa. 19610
610.376.7630 tel
610.376.7633 fax
MONTGOMERY OFFICE
580 Main St. Suite #4
Trappe, PA l9426
610.409.2780 tel
610.409.7988 fax
LEBANON OFFICE
Lebanon Municipal Building, Room 110
400 South Eighth St.
Lebanon PA 17042
717.454.0462 tel
Hours: Monday and Wednesday from 9 AM - 4:30 PM
Click Here Click Here