DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
December 17, 2013
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Find Me on:
Marchant Opposes Ryan-Murray Budget Deal
I voted against the Ryan-Murray budget deal.
Despite its good intentions,
I could not support a plan that relies on the promise of future spending constraints in order to achieve savings. These are the same types of promises that have gotten our country into this fiscal situation and they will not be the solution moving forward.
Washington does not have a revenue problem, it has a spending problem. This budget authorizes even more short-term spending and does little to accomplish real debt and deficit reduction.
Red Tape Hinders the Success of Small Businesses
I voted to pass the
Small Business Capital Access and Job Preservation Act , which would eliminate unnecessary red tape that inhibits the success and growth of our nations small businesses. This
bill
removes certain federal requirements that hinder private sector investment in small business.
The removal of these unnecessary hurdles gives small businesses greater access to the resources they need without compromising the security of our financial system.
Americas small businesses are the heart, soul, and strength of our nation. I will continue working to create a healthier environment in which they can thrive, hire, and grow the economy.
Supporting Americas Veterans
I voted to pass the
Department of Veterans Affairs Major Medical Facility Lease Authorization Act of 2013
(H.R. 3521) and the
VA Expiring Authorities Extension Act of 2013
(H.R. 1402). These
bills
reauthorize a number of important programs which give Americas servicemen and women the support and care they deserve after returning from duty.
I believe we must always honor the sacrifices made by the men and women who have served in Americas military. This is why my office participates in the
Veterans History Project , a partnership with the Library of Congress which allows us to record and archive the stories of those who have fought to protect our nation and preserve our freedom.
The most recent story archived through the Veterans History Project is that of Loren J. Keeffe. Mr. Keeffe served in the Army Air Corps, where he achieved the rank of Corporal, and the U.S. Air Force, where he achieved the rank of Colonel. He sat down in my district office to share the story of his service during World War II, the Korean War, and throughout the Cold War era.
Click for video
Texas 24 th
District is home to many veterans and my office is always grateful to record their stories. If you or anyone you know would like to participate in the Veterans History Project, please send me an
email
or contact my Irving office for more information. The phone number is 972-556-0162.
House Passes Bill to Help Fight Childhood Illnesses
I voted to pass the
Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act , which passed the House by a vote of 295-103. This legislation would eliminate taxpayer financing of presidential campaigns and national political party conventions and put the savings toward research at the National Institutes of Health that could help find cures for childhood illnesses.
Read more about this bill
here .
"Like" me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or e-mail me at
www.marchant.house.gov/contact .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
