
January 12, 2014
Squashing Government Waste in 2014
The first House Oversight Committee hearing of the new year examined excessive waste in the federal government and how to stop it. At the hearing, I questioned the witnesses on the taxpayer money spent promoting Obamacare and its failed website. I also suggested a solution for the federal government that I believe could help prevent debaucles like the botched roll-out of
healthcare.gov
and one that would come at a lower cost, saving Americans hard-earned dollars. To hear what I proposed, click
here
to watch my questioning during the hearing.
Last week, I returned to Washington as motivated and committed as ever to making government more efficient and effective, spending less and empowering all Americans to succeed in whatever endeavor they choose.
The first item of business on the House Oversight Committees 2014 agenda was the annual hearing to highlight examples of waste in the federal government from the last year and look at how it can be eliminated this year.
The hearing included two different panels. First to testify were two Senate champions for ending the government culture of wasteful spending: Senator Tom Coburn (R-OK)
(You may have heard of Senator Coburns annual Waste Book, his collection of the most egregious government spending from the previous year. If you havent read it, I encourage you to take a look
here
at the Waste Book he recently released for 2013. Its a doozy)
and the Chairman of the Senate counterpart of the House Oversight Committee, Senator Tom Carper (D-RI).
The second panel of witnesses in our hearing was made up of issue experts from the CATO Institute, U.S. Public Interest Research Group, Citizens Against Government Waste and National Taxpayers Union.
While I have serious concerns with ALL of the examples laid out in Senator Coburn's latest Waste Book that show excessive waste in our government, I went into last week's hearing seeking answers on one in particular. I focused on the number one issue people wanted to discuss and share their concerns with me about while I was home over the holidays, and the number one topic that continues to dominate the news cycle, as well as the letters, phone calls and e-mails that have been pouring into my office:
The Obamacare trainwreck and how its getting worse.
During my round of questioning, I cited one of the most egregious examples of government waste in 2013: the $700 billion the Obama Administration spent on advertising to promote Obamacare and drive traffic to
healthcare.gov
...
while it wasn't even working!
Click
here
to hear the witnesses' takes on ending this blatant government waste and abuse of taxpayer dollars.
One way we can move towards fixing the problems in Washington this year is to address its spending epidemic by cutting it off at the knees. We need to deal with the Administration's unchecked, reckless spending head-on, and it should start with eliminating waste and taxpayer-funded expenditures on government websites and programs that dont work. Its not fair for hardworking Americans to be left holding the bag because of mismanagement by the federal government.
Im committed to fighting for a more accountable and responsible government that will help better
and not burden
the lives of you and your family. Thank you for allowing me to keep fighting for you in 2014.
Protecting the Private Data of HealthCare.gov Enrollees &amp; Defending Potential Victims of Obamacare Fraud
Americans deserve to know if and when Obamacare has put their personal information at risk
- especially since the number of glitches with
HealthCare.gov
has been astonishing.
Well before the October 1st roll-out, red flags were raised regarding the vulnerability of
HealthCare.gov , including security vulnerabilities. In August of last year, the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) reported,
several critical tasks remain to be completed in a short period of time, such as the final independent testing of the Hubs security controls, remediating security vulnerabilities identified during testing, and obtaining the security authorization decision for the Hub before opening the exchanges.
Since the failed launch of
HealthCare.gov
on October 1st, there have been even greater concerns regarding the websites vulnerabilities, namely with the security of personal and medical information. More alarmingly, in an interview right before the new year, Experian Vice President Michael Bruemmer said he expects a significant increase in the number of health care breaches in 2014.
We need to shed light on the extent of the security breaches within
HealthCare.gov
for the innocent Americans whose personal information may have been compromised while enrolling. We also need to ensure proper safeguards are in place to protect online enrollees private data.
With these goals in mind, the House passed a bill last week (that I cosponsored) to protect the victims of Obamacare fraud.
H.R. 3811 , the
"Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act of 2014"
will require the HHS to notify individuals if their personal information has been stolen or unlawfully accessed through an Obamacare exchange. This legislation also guarantees swift action in the case of a security breach by requiring the HHS to notify affected individuals within
two business days
of discovery.
H.R. 3811 is simply about transparency. Its a common sense bill with a simple - but effective - message that I'm calling on my colleagues in the Senate to support as we continue to uncover the extent of the failures behind
HealthCare.gov .
The bill is now stuck on Harry Reids desk awaiting Senate action.
Lifting the Regulatory Burden from America's Job Creators
While the President continues to tour the country to give speeches on our nations stagnant economy and unemployment rate, My colleagues in the House and I have turned words into action, passing dozens of jobs bills to put Americans back to work and jumpstart our economy...but all of them are stalled in the Senate.
In an overwhelmingly bipartisan victory last week, House Democrats and Republicans unanimously voted to fight the out-of-control overregulation by Washington bureaucrats burdening small business owners and stifling economic growth.
On Wednesday, the House
passed
H.R. 724
to repeal a burdensome EPA mandate on small business auto dealers.
Over the past several years, President Obama and his executive agencies have enacted an unprecedented amount of job-destroying regulations
and at a cost of
$1.8 trillion
per year, according to some estimates. Not only are these regulations costly and time-consuming, but in many cases, theyre completely unnecessary.
As we move forward this Congress, one of my top priorities is to cut unnecessary red tape that jeopardizes Americas future. Given that H.R. 724 sailed through the House this week
with the support of every Democrat and Republican present , I hope this one wont get stuck on Harry Reids desk, too.
FAA Announces Major Victory for TAMUCC
The FAA recently revealed some exciting news impacting Texas A&amp;M University Corpus Christi (TAMUCC), our community and our state as a whole.
On December 30, the FAA announced it has selected TAMUCC as one of six public entities that will develop unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) research and test sites around the country: a huge win for not only TAMUCC but for the state of Texas. This gives our region the opportunity to take a leadership role in undertaking both the technology and policy challenges, like protecting peoples privacy, that will arise as these unmanned systems are developed, refined and deployed.
Ive been a long-time supporter of choosing TAMUCC for this opportunity. The combination of expertise out of TAMUCC and wide open airspace in Texas makes it an excellent choice for UAS research and development. Not to mention, the selection of TAMUCC contributes to geographic and climactic diversity. I highlighted all of these points in letters of support that I sent to the FAA along with some of my Texas colleagues, urging its consideration of TAMUCC.
This will have huge financial implications for the Corpus Christi area and the entire state. The Association of Unmanned Vehicles International published an economic study projecting that, once airspace is opened to UAS, the economic impact would be $8 billion statewide and $260 million in South Texas over the next 10 years, creating 1,200 jobs.
Since the FAAs announcement, TAMUCC has revealed that it plans to develop system safety requirements for UAS vehicles and operations with a goal of protocols and procedures for airworthiness testing. As the work on the new test site begins at home, I look forward to monitoring the progress TAMUCC makes in its research and development of this exciting new technology.
How Can My Office Serve You in 2014?
As a new year begins, I always look forward to facing the challenges that lay ahead and reflecting on the blessings of the previous year. One of my greatest blessings in 2013 was having the continued honor of representing you and the 27th District of Texas in Congress.
I'm here to serve you . In 2014, I remain committed to providing top-notch constituent services and helping you and your family in any way that I can.
Over the past year, my talented staff of Red Tape Cutters was able to help hundreds of residents of the 27th District. A Victoria woman with an expired U.S. passport was in desperate need of an emergency renewal so that she could travel to her mothers funeral in Ecuador. The Houston National Passport Center was closed for renovations, but my office was able to intervene of her behalf and she received her passport the next day.
We were also able to help a 20-year Army veteran receive 11 years of military retirement back pay. Because the U.S. Army had his service records wrong, he wasnt approved for full retirement for over a decade.
Those are just a few of the ways the staff in my offices in Corpus Christi, Victoria, and Washington, D.C. can assist you.
My Red Tape Cutters are experts in navigating the bureaucracy of federal agencies, applying for financial aid, or researching a potential grant opportunity. I also have a dedicated Veterans Field Representative on staff to assist any veteran or military personnel with VA benefits or any other issue theyre having.
Below, I've listed other services my offices provide to help you, your family and your neighbors. If you need assistance or have a concern that's not addressed here, please contact either my Corpus Christi office at (361) 884-2222 or my Victoria office at (361) 894-6446.
Red Tape Cutters
My staff of Red Tape Cutters and I understand how challenging it can be to deal with the Federal bureaucracy, and we
want to help .
Help with Federal Grants
Thousands of federal grants are available for companies and non-profits alike. We're here to
help guide you through the process
of applying for one.
Visiting Washington, D.C.
Planning a trip to Washington? My office can
help you plan your visit
and set you up with a tour of the U.S. Capitol.
Veterans Outreach
Our veterans fought hard to protect our freedom, and upon their return, we must keep our promises to them. My Veterans Field Representative knows the ins-and-outs of the VA and
can work with you
if you are having trouble with your Veterans benefits or if you are active duty military personnel and need assistance.
Academy Nominations
Each year, I have the distinct honor of nominating outstanding young men and women from the 27th District of Texas to the four United States' military service academies. Are you interested in applying? Learn more
here .
Internship Program
Internships are
available
in both my Washington, DC and District Offices. Interning is a great way to gain first-hand experience, working behind the scenes of the U.S. government.
Congressional Art Competition
Each spring, the Congressional Institute sponsors a nationwide high school visual art competition to recognize and encourage artistic talent in the nation and in each congressional district. Interested in participating? Click
here .
Sign up for Conference Call with your Congressman
I host "Conference Calls with your Congressman" every few weeks to check in with folks and see what's on their mind.
Sign up
to be on the calls!
Graphic of the Week
The Daily Caller:
"Its official: Obamacare debuts with more canceled plans than enrollments"
Follow Me on Twitter
Spending $700B taxpayer dollars to drive people to a broken website = big problem. From our
#GovernmentWaste
hearing:
http://1.usa.gov/1bZK0At
10 Jan 2014
We just passed a measure to protect the private data of HealthCare.gov enrollees online &amp; to protect potential victims of
#Obamacare
fraud
10 Jan 2014
In 2014, I call on POTUS &amp; the Senate to work with us to create jobs, grow our economy &amp; put Americans back to work:
pic.twitter.com/y2ITCugcLC
7 Jan 2014
Connect
Latest News
U.S. Congressman Blake Farenthold Questions Taxpayer Dollars Spent Promoting Obamacare, Other Government Waste
Guidry News
Texas A&amp;M-Corpus Christi Selected For Drone Program
KUHF News for Houston
Reps Cuellar and Farenthold Announce Selection of Unmanned Systems Test Site in Corpus Christi
My Harlingen News
Texas Chosen As Part Of Drone Program
NewsRadio 740 KTRH
Drone testing brings S. Texas opportunities
The Monitor
Dateline Wharton: Veteran Benefits
Wharton Journal Spectator
Coastal Bend lawmakers remain 'vigilant' as Pentagon explores military cuts
Caller Times
The Week Ahead
We should be voting on...
H.R. 2860
- OPM IG Act
(Sponsored by Rep. Blake Farenthold / Oversight and Government Reform Committee.)
The Office of Personnel Management has a revolving fund of money it collects from other agencies for doing things like background checks on government employees. This bill requires the OPM to budget up to .33% for oversight and requires audits of this fund by the OPMs Inspector General.
H.R. 1513
- To revise the boundaries of the Gettysburg National Military Park to include the Gettysburg Train Station and certain land along Plum Run in Cumberland Township, to limit the means by which property within such revised boundaries may be acquired
(Sponsored by Rep. Scott Perry / Natural Resources Committee)
S. 230
- A bill to authorize the Peace Corps Commemorative Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs, and for other purposes
(Sponsored by Sen. Rob Portman / Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 841
- To amend the Grand Ronde Reservation Act to make technical corrections, and for other purposes, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Kurt Schrader / Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 801
- Holding Company Registration Threshold Equalization Act of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. Steve Womack / Financial Services Committee)
H.R. 2274
- The Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification Act, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Huizenga / Financial Services Committee)
H.J.Res. __
- Making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2014, and for other purposes
(Sponsored by Rep. Harold Rogers / Appropriations Committee)
H.R. 1233
- The Presidential and Federal Records Act Amendments of 2013
(Sponsored by Rep. Elijah Cummings / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
H.R. 3362
- Exchange Information Disclosure Act (Closed Rule, One Hour of Debate)
(Sponsored by Rep. Lee Terry / Energy and Commerce Committee / Ways and Means Committee)
This week in my Committees...
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Hearing:
Building the Foundation for Surface Transportation Reauthorization
Tuesday, January 14
10:00 a.m. ET
2167 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Subcommittee Hearing:
The Scope of Copyright Protection
Tuesday, January 14
10:00 a.m. ET
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing:
Strengthening Agency Oversight: Empowering the Inspectors General Community
Wednesday, January 15
9:30 a.m. ET
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing:
HHS Own Security Concerns about HealthCare.gov
Thursday, January 16
9:30 a.m. ET
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Around the 27th District
(As always, click on image to enlarge)
Saturday, I was honored to present outgoing President of Corpus Christi Army Depot (CCAD) AFGE Union 2142, Joe Gonzales, with a Congressional Certificate of Recognition and U.S. flag I had flown over the U.S. Capitol upon his retirement. I've enjoyed getting to work with Joe through his role as President of AFGE Local 2142, and I wish him all the best in the future.
My Field Representative Luis Buentello (pictured second from left in top photo) presented on my behalf a certificate of Congressional Special Recognition to Mr. Carlos Lopez in honor of his induction into the Tejano Roots Hall of Fame &amp; Museum.
My Veterans Field Representative Capt. Rene Coronado attended a BBQ fundraiser for the Aransas Pass VFW to raise money for its upcoming dedication ceremony of the Historical VFW Hall in March, where a Historical Marker will be dedicated.
Luis attended a press conference held by Radiology Associates to unveil the latest, state-of-the-art advancement in breast cancer 3D mammography (also called tomosynthesis). This technology creates a crystal clear 3D reconstruction to examine breast tissue one-millimeter slices at the time.
My Field Representative Kyle MacDonald and members of the Padre Island Business Association learned about Cheniere Energy's new planned facility in Corpus Christi at the association's luncheon, where Jason French from Cheniere Energy served as featured speaker.
Rene (pictured left) joined representatives from the Fleet Reserve Association, VFW, American Legion, American GI Forum and various other veterans' organizations at the the Nueces County Veterans Council.
The Nueces County Veterans Council meets each month to discuss issues relevant to our veterans, and Thursday night's topics included an upcoming Welcome Home Salute Event and a Veterans Round Table with me and my office.
This week, the U14 Soccer State Champions were officially recognized by the Commissioners Court in a ceremony held in honor of their victory. The ceremony featured a presentation of certificates from me to the team, congratulating them on this incredible feat.
From My Instagram
Congratulations to Captain David F. Lasseter, a former staffer of mine who was promoted to Marine Corps Reserve Major this week. I was proud to attend Major Lasseters official promotion ceremony with some of my DC staff to show our support.
Returned to DC bearing gifts from home for my staff: tees from some of the essentials when it comes to Texas dining #Whataburger #Bucees
@whataburger
The avatar on the
@AmericanAir
in flight entertainment screen kinda creeps me out. Could it be he looks an awful lot like the
@United
CEO?
(Dont believe me? Click
here
to see a picture of United CEO Jeff Smisek.)
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here