
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR
DISTRICT
RESOURCES
December 16, 2013
House Passes Ryan Budget
Compromise
On Thursday evening, led by Budget Committee
Chairman Paul Ryan, the House passed its budget for fiscal years 2014 and
2015 on a vote of
332-94 . For far too long, Congress
has failed to manage the basics of running the fiscal affairs of the
greatest nation on Earth.
From the
fiscal cliff, to default, to shutdowns, Americans are fatigued with the
inability of their elected Representatives to do the timely work
necessary to find solutions that plague our ineffective and bloated federal
bureaucracy. We cannot continue to lurch from crisis to
crisis.
This two-year budget represents the first
budget compromise in divided government since 1986, and Chairman Ryans
budget spends tens of billions of dollars less than when I first
entered Congress just 36 months ago.
We
still have a long way to go, but with Chairman Ryans budget in place, we
can now begin the difficult and important work of reprioritizing and
reducing spending, eliminating programs and abusive federal
regulations, and making the federal government more effective and efficient for
the American people.
If we are to
control spending, our country must operate under a budget. For the first
time in years that has occurred, and that is why
I voted
"Yes."
Email Privacy Act Support
Grows
I spoke on the House floor last week to urge my colleagues on both
sides of the aisle to support legislation I introduced -
H.R. 1852: the Email Privacy
Act . The legislation would represent the first time since 1986 that
Congress updates electronic communications privacy law. Support is
growing each day as more and more Americans recognize the IRS and other
government agencies
can
search and view private emails without first obtaining a
warrant .
Click
here , or on the image above, to watch my full
remarks.
The
Washington Post
highlighted this week the growing number of Americans who want Congress
and the Administration to take action on common sense reforms to email
privacy.
More than 100,000
Americans have signed an online petition requesting email privacy
updates .
Launching the Congressional Deaf
Caucus
The 3rd Congressional District has a special
connection with the Deaf community as the Kansas School for the Deaf is
located in Olathe. Because of this close relationship with the Deaf and
Hard of Hearing community in Kansas, I have joined with my colleague
Congressman Mark Takano (D-CA)
to form the
Congressional Deaf Caucus . Our aim is to bring more awareness to
Congress about the challenges facing the Deaf community, the unique
partnership in our nation's capital with
Gallaudet University , disability policy and
advocacy opportunities, as well as how more offices can tap into the
large pool of intelligent and motivated Deaf students for internships.
Zach Ennis, a former Deaf intern in my office, produced
this video
about
opportunities for Deaf interns in Congressional
offices.
Last week, I spoke at the Congressional Deaf
Awareness Briefing about the important contributions of the Deaf and
Hard of Hearing community.
Click here
for
more information about my involvement in the Congressional Deaf
Awareness Briefing.
Sergeant Zeke Crozier Receives
Purple Heart
I'd like to recognize and honor Army Sergeant
Zeke Crozier, a Spring Hill, Kansas native, who recently received the
Purple Heart military recognition for injuries he sustained in a
violent helicopter crash in June 2011 in Afghanistan. Sgt. Crozier had been
deployed out of Gardner Air Base only 41 days before the
crash.
Click here
to watch my earlier remarks from the House floor about Sgt.
Crozier.
Sergeant Crozier suffered traumatic
brain injuries, and came within inches of losing his life. But it is
because of Zekes bravery, his courage, his determination that he has made
a near full and miraculous recovery, and has received a Purple Heart.
These honorable traits make up the foundation of courageous soldiers
like Sgt. Crozier, and countless other men and women who give of
themselves to serve their country.
We will
always remember the sacrifices of our military men and women, and we
will continue to do all we can for these brave men and women once they
return home.
Additionally, last week
the House passed several bills related to services for veterans. One
of these bills -
H.R.
3521
- directs the Department of Veterans Affairs to authorize
the signing of leases for veterans medical facilities; including
authorizing the lease for the
VA Johnson County Community-Based
Outpatient Clinic . I voted " Yes " on H.R. 3521 -
this is great news for all veterans in the 3rd Congressional
District.
American Cancer Society Support
Im a
proud supporter of
H.R.
1666
the Patient Centered Quality Care For Life Act . This
legislation would create patient-centered quality of care initiatives
for seriously ill patients; including establishing a stakeholder
strategic summit, and promoting quality of life education and awareness
initiatives, health care workforce training programs, an advisory
committee, and palliative care focused research. A special Thank you to Jim
Miksch with the American Cancer Society for all his efforts to
promote palliative care awareness.
Jim
stopped by my Overland Park District Office and dropped off this Thank
You poster which is signed by numerous Kansans who support palliative
care legislation and awareness efforts as
well.
Spinal Simplicity in Overland Park
I enjoyed meeting
with Todd Moseley and Julie McKee of
Spinal Simplicity
in my Washington, DC office
last week. Spinal Simplicity is a small business located in Overland
Park that specializes in designing and developing spinal and orthopedic
medical devices. We discussed Spinal Simplicitys innovative products
and the work they are doing with the FDA, patent reform, and the impact
of medical device taxes on their small
business.
Thank you to Todd, Julie, and the rest of the team at
Spinal Simplicity for their important and innovative
work.
Sharon Lane Health Services
I enjoyed
recently meeting with Brian Brown from Sharon Lane Health Services. Sharon
Lane is a locally owned and operated health care facility that
provides nursing care and rehabilitation services to the Shawnee and Johnson
County communities. We discussed legislative solutions to increase
access to these rehabilitation services for
seniors.
Thank you, Brian. I look forward to the
expansion of Sharon Lane Health Services across the metro area early next
year.
2013 Congressional
Issues Survey
If you haven't already had the opportunity, I
encourage you to take a few moments and fill out my
2013 Congressional Issues Survey
to give me feedback about what's most important to you. As your
Representative in Congress, your feedback is valuable to me as I continue my
efforts to serve the entire 3rd Congressional District
community.
Click here
to fill out my
2013 Congressional Issues
Survey .
Contact My Office
As your Representative in
Congress, there are many way in which I can help
you.
If you'd like more information about scheduling a tour in
Washington, DC, applying to be an intern, requesting a flag flow over
the Capitol, or if you need assistance with casework,
click here .
Upcoming Staff Community Office Hours
My staff can assist
you from 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday in my Overland
Park office. They can help with any issues or concerns, as well as to
provide assistance with federal agencies and programs including,
Veterans' Affairs, Medicare, Social Security, Passports, and
Visas.
My staff also holds Community Staff Office
Hours throughout the district. If you are unable to visit my office,
please consider coming to the following location if it is more convenient
for you:
Tuesday, January
28th
DeSoto Fire Station
in the
Public Meeting Space
33150 W. 83rd
Street
DeSoto
4:00-5:00 p.m.
Votes From Last
Week
H.J.Res.
59
- the Bipartisan Budget Act FY 2014. I voted "Yes" on the
budget compromise, and it passed
33294 .
H.R. 2019
Eliminating taxpayer financing of presidential campaigns and party
conventions and reprogram savings to provide for a 10-year pediatric cancer
research initiative through the Common Fund administered by the
National Institutes of Health. I voted " Yes " on this bill,
and it passed
295103 .
H.R. 3521
Authorizing
Department of Veterans Affairs major medical facility leases. I voted
" Yes " on this bill, and it passed
3461 . This legislation includes the
leasing authorization for the
VA Johnson County Community-Based
Outpatient Clinic.
H.R. 1402
Amending title
38, United States Code, to extend the authorization of appropriations
for the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to pay a monthly assistance
allowance to disabled veterans training or competing for the Paralympic
Team, and the authorization of appropriations for the Secretary of
Veterans Affairs to provide assistance to United States Paralympics, Inc. I
voted " Yes " on this legislation, and the bill passed
3530 .
H.R. 2319
Clarifying certain provisions of the
Native American Veterans' Memorial Establishment Act of 1994. I voted
" Yes " on this bill, and the legislation passed
3980 .
S.
1471
- Authorizing the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the
Secretary of the Army to reconsider decisions to inter or honor the
memory of a person in a national cemetery. I voted " Yes "
on this bill, and it passed
3981 .
H.R. 1992
Amending the
requirements relating to assessment of Israel's qualitative military
edge over military threats. I voted " Yes " on this
bill, and the legislation passed
3990 .
H. Res. 441
Providing
for the concurrence by the House in the Senate amendments to
H.R. 3304 . This bill authorizes the President to award the
Medal of Honor to Bennie G. Adkins and Donald P. Sloat of the United
States Army for acts of valor during the Vietnam Conflict and to authorize
the award of the Medal of Honor to certain other veterans who were
previously recommended for award of the Medal of Honor. I voted
" Yes " on this bill, and it passed
35069 .
H.R. 3212
Ensuring compliance with the 1980 Hague Convention on the Civil
Aspects of International Child Abduction by countries with which the United
States enjoys reciprocal obligations, and establishing procedures for
the prompt return of children abducted to other countries. I voted
" Yes " on this bill, and the legislation passed
3980 .
New Bill Cosponsorships
I signed on to be a
cosponsor of the following legislation. Click the specific bill number
for more information about each specific piece of
legislation.
H.R. 2810
-
Medicare Patient Access and Quality Improvement Act of 2013 .
This bill amends title XVIII of the Social Security Act to reform the
sustainable growth rate and Medicare payment for physicians'
services.
H. Res. 434
- Honoring the life, accomplishments,
and legacy of Nelson Mandela and expressing condolences on his
passing.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
215 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours:
Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland
Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park, KS
66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway
mail end 