
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
January 13, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About
Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear
Friend,
This week, it is
important to pause and remember one of our own who has given his life to
preserve and defend our freedoms. Captain David Lyons was a 2008 Air
Force Academy graduate assigned to Peterson Air Force Base's 21st
Logistics Readiness Squadron who passed away on Friday, January 3rd in Kabul,
Afghanistan. Captain Lyons was out on patrol performing his combat
advisory mission with the Afghan Army when his vehicle was hit by an
IED. I know that I join everyone in extending my heartfelt prayers and
condolences to the family and friends of this exceptional young
man.
There are no finer men and women in this country than the members
of our military. That is why it was a distinct honor to visit this past
week with members of 10th Special Forces Group (Airborne) at Fort
Carson. These elite Green Berets are the oldest Army Special Forces Group
in the country and it is a privilege to have them right here in the
5th Congressional District. Their uncommon excellence and bravery
allows us to meet today's challenges and tomorrow's uncertainties with
innovation, responsiveness, and effectiveness.
Our men and women who
serve make sacrifices that some of us can only imagine. That is why I
supported the recent Bipartisan Budget Act because it was absolutely
essential to limit the effects of sequestration on our active duty
military over the next two years. Combat readiness and crucial training
were some of the important elements that were addressed by the
Bipartisan Budget Act. I could not allow our friends and neighbors to go into
harm's way without critical training or
equipment.
I am
supporting two bills, H.R. 3788 and H.R. 3789, that will eliminate the one
percent COLA reductions that were planned to be instituted for
working-age military retirees in 2016. H.R. 3788 will achieve the necessary 6
billion dollars in savings by closing loopholes in the tax code that
allow individuals, some of them here illegally, to improperly collect tax
credits. H.R. 3789 will correct a clerical error that prevented a
planned exemption for medically retired veterans from passing with the
initial Bipartisan Budget Act.
On the legislative front, it was a
busy week in the House Natural Resources Committee where I chaired an
Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee hearing on Seismic
Exploration in the Atlantic Outer Continental Shelf. This is an industry that
is currently hamstrung by 40 year old data. New, cutting-edge
technological innovations will lead to tens of thousands of new American jobs,
195 billion dollars in new private investment, and 24 billion dollars
more to our economy every year.
In the House, we remain focused
on highlighting and addressing the flaws and failures of Obamacare.
This week, we passed legislation addressing security and privacy
concerns that have developed with the new Obamacare website. One of the best
ways you can help illustrate what a disaster Obamacare has been is by
sharing your stories of difficulty, frustration, and rejection with my
staff. The best person to contact is my new Communications Director
Jarred Rego. He can be reached at
jarred.rego@mail.house.gov . By reaching out
to him, you will go a long way toward helping me and my fellow
Republicans spread the word on what a disastrous impact Obamacare has had on
America.
It is an honor to serve you
in Congress.
Sincerely,
What's Happening
in Washington
DC?
On Thursday, December 12th, I chaired
an Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee hearing on
The
Science behind Discovery: Seismic Exploration and the Future of the
Atlantic Outer Continental Shelf
View Opening Statement
HERE
This
week, the House passed
a very important, bipartisan piece of legislation by
a vote of 291-122. The Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act
of 2014 (H.R. 3811) will protect Americans navigating the Obamacare
exchanges by requiring the S ecretary of Health and Human Services to notify individuals if their personal
information has been stolen or unlawfully accessed through the health
care exchanges. It has already been reported that Healthcare.gov has
experienced upwards of thirty-two security breaches. Please click
HERE
for more information on H.R.
3811.
Interesting Articles
Harry
Reid's Senate Shutdown
Obamacare is Redistribution,
Not Reform
John Kerry, Secretary of
Unreality
A Raid on Iran?
The
Endangered Species Act Turns 40-Hold the Applause
Events
Here are a few pictures
from my recent visit with 10th Special Forces Group (Airborne) at Fort
Carson. The 10th Special Forces Group (Airborne) is the oldest
U.S. Army Special Forces Group.
The official lineage and colors go
back to the creation in 1942, of the First Special Service Force, a
joint U.S. and Canadian Army force, intended to conduct winter
commando-type operations in Europe.
The Group was officially established
in June 1952, to conduct partisan warfare behind Red Army lines in the
event of a Soviet invasion of Europe.
Between 1994 and 1995,
10th SFG (A) moved from Fort Devens, Massachusetts, to Fort Carson,
Colorado, where the Group Headquarters, three line battalions, and a Group
Support Battalion operate today, while 1st Battalion remains based in
Germany.
In the early days of Operation Iraqi Freedom, 10th SFG
(A) combat advised Kurdish Peshmerga forces with tremendous success.
Today, 10th SFG (A) continues to support on-going contingency
operations in Africa, Central and Eastern Europe, and Afghanistan.
The diversity and versatility of their people, combined with their
quiet professionalism and maturity, enables 10th SFG (A) to accomplish a
wide-range of special warfare tasks as they provide unmatched mission
execution in support of national
interests.
Top Tweets
If you would like to follow me on twitter please
find me at
@RepDLamborn
What Say
You?
One
of the most important things I can do is listen to my constituents. My
staff and I get thousands of phone calls, emails, letters, and social
media postings every week. Here is a sampling of what you are
saying.
On
my
Facebook
this week citizens weighed in on the state of our
economy :
Michael Keller
-
Can you please tell me where all of these jobs
are and why the feds are paying out 96 weeks of unemployment to
people, rather than the 26 weeks people got under both President George W.
and George H. W. Bush?
Jessica Hall
-
We have to give employers
a stable outlook. We have to stop taxing them senseless when they do
hire someone through payroll taxes and now forced healthcare. We need
to get the government to step aside and let the economy
heal.
Nils Ohman
- My heart breaks for all
those who have bought in to government as the solution to this country's
problems.
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington,
DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1125 Kelly
Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO
80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719)
520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415 Main
Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone:
(719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end 