
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Week of January 13, 2014
Senator McConnell Continues Efforts Against EPA War on Coal Regulations
&lsquo;Kentucky is facing a real crisis here. The Obama Administration is promising that its latest regulation is just the beginning in a new, expanded front in its War on Coal.&rsquo;
Last week, the Obama Administration published a regulation that would effectively ban coal-fired power plants from being built in the future. On Thursday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor in regards to the resolution of disapproval filed under the Congressional Review Act (CRA) to stop the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from imposing its anti-coal regulation by ensuring a vote to repeal it. The CRA provides Congress with the ability to eliminate onerous regulations imposed by the executive branch.
During his floor speech he said, &ldquo;For struggling middle-class families across Eastern Kentucky, this is just the latest punch in the gut from Washington &ndash; from an Administration whose own advisors seem to believe that a &lsquo;war on coal is exactly what&rsquo;s needed.&rsquo;&rdquo;
Click on image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
&ldquo;Already, the Administration&rsquo;s regulations have played a significant role in causing coal jobs in my state to plummet. These are good jobs that pay more than $1 billion in annual wages to my constituents. And for every miner with a job, three more Kentuckians will hold a coal-dependent job too,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;That&rsquo;s why I &ndash; along with 42 Republican cosponsors, including my friend and fellow Kentuckian Rand Paul &ndash; intend to file a resolution of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act to ensure a vote to stop this devastating rule.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view a report from FOX News regarding the &lsquo;War on Coal.&rsquo;
McConnell-Paul Bill Strengthens Voice for Rural Communities Across the Commonwealth
On Tuesday, Senators Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul introduced legislation to help rural counties in Kentucky who are being hurt by the Obama Administration&rsquo;s policies, as established by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), which restrict rural lending practices.
Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor regarding his legislation, the
Helping Expand Lending Practices (HELP) in Rural Communities Act , which would give rural counties in Kentucky a voice when the CFPB has incorrectly labeled them as &ldquo;non-rural&rdquo;. Several counties in Kentucky, such as Bath County, have been labeled as &ldquo;non-rural,&rdquo; and are therefore barred from certain rural lending practices that are helpful to farmers and small businesses.
During his floor speech Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;If you&rsquo;ve ever been to these counties, as I have, you would most certainly disagree with the CFPB&rsquo;s ruling. But current law provides no opportunity to challenge the CFPB&rsquo;s decision. Our bill would allow counties that believe they have been improperly designated as &lsquo;non-rural&rsquo; to petition the CFPB with additional local information to reconsider their status in order to ensure that rural communities, such as those in eastern Kentucky, have the access to credit they need to grow their economy.&rdquo;
He continued: &ldquo;This is an important step in the effort to renew hope for the future in rural Kentucky and especially eastern Kentucky. Given the bipartisan interest shown in recent weeks to get government out of the way and let the people of the region work, Congress and the president should come together to pass this legislation on behalf of eastern Kentuckians and rural communities.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor remarks.
Ballard Cassady, President and CEO of the Kentucky Bankers Association, praised Senators McConnell and Paul&rsquo;s efforts, &ldquo;This legislation would provide an opportunity for rural communities to provide input into federal, top-down decisions that they may not have access to, which would help in the determination of whether a county qualifies as rural or not.
This legislation is crucial in helping rural communities to have access to the credit they need to survive. We commend Senators McConnell and Paul for standing tall for rural Kentuckians by representing their needs in Washington.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read a report from the
Associated Press :
&ldquo;Sens. McConnell, Paul introduce bill aimed at assisting lending in rural counties&rdquo;
Senator McConnell Continues to Highlight the Pains of Obamacare
Throughout the week, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor regarding the President&rsquo;s need to convince his own party to work with Republicans and focus on job creation measures instead of providing distractions from the pain of Obamacare and the Obama economy.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;It&rsquo;s no secret that Democrats plan to spend the year exploiting folks who are still struggling in this economy for political gain&hellip;I&rsquo;d probably want to be talking about something other than Obamacare too if I&rsquo;d voted for it. But to create a conflict where the possibility for agreement was so close, while more than a million people are stuck in the middle, is just outrageous.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech on Wednesday.
&ldquo;The Republican-controlled House has sent over a number of bills that would give a boost to jobs and the economy. A good start would be for the President to lean on the Democrats who run the Senate to take those up for immediate consideration. He could acknowledge the real pain that Obamacare is inflicting on middle-class families, then work with us to start over with real bipartisan reforms that actually lower costs and won&rsquo;t hurt the economy the way Obamacare does.&rdquo;
Last week Senator McConnell participated in his 59th hospital townhall meeting as he travels across the Commonwealth to discuss how Obamacare and the Obama economy are affecting Kentuckians and Kentucky businesses. Be a part of the discussion, click
HERE
to share your story with Senator McConnell regarding how Obamacare and the Obama economy are affecting you, your family or small business.
McConnell-Sponsored Bill to Aid Families Adopting Children Internationally Signed Into Law
On Thursday, Senator McConnell announced that a bipartisan bill he cosponsored to make it easier for American families to adopt children was signed into law. The
Accuracy for Adoptees Act
requires federal agencies to defer to and recognize state court orders amending a child&rsquo;s name or date of birth on government issued documents. This law ensures that when a child applies for a driver&rsquo;s license, a job, Social Security card, and passport, one date of birth is recognized and used.
&ldquo;As a proud co-sponsor of this bipartisan legislation, I am pleased that the
Accuracy for Adoptees Act
is now law. I hear from many Kentuckians who are struggling to adopt children internationally and have requested assistance from my office. This measure will help many of those families by reducing the burdensome red tape and making it easier for them to receive the clarity they need when adopting children internationally,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said.
One family that contacted Senator McConnell was Chip and Karen Hutcheson of Princeton, Kentucky. Last year, they, along with their two adopted grandchildren, met with Senator McConnell in his office in the United States Capitol. During the meeting, Hutcheson advocated for further assistance pertaining to reconciling federal and state documents with conflicting birth dates for children adopted abroad.
Upon hearing the news the measure was signed into law, Mr. Hutcheson, president of the Kentucky Baptist Convention, said, &ldquo;I will be forever grateful for Senator McConnell&rsquo;s efforts in helping pass this bill. This is common sense pro-family legislation that relieves a tremendous burden on families who adopt internationally. Senator McConnell&rsquo;s efforts will help make it easier to adopt a child from another country, benefitting not only American families but many orphans around the world.&rdquo;
Last year, Senator McConnell met with Mr. and Mrs. Hutcheson and their grandchildren in his office in the U.S. Capitol. Several years ago, Senator McConnell&rsquo;s office assisted the Hutcheson family with the adoption of Lemlem and Kashiku from Ethiopia.
Back, L-R: Karen Hutcheson, Senator McConnell, Chip Hutcheson Front, L-R: Lemlem and Kashiku Hutcheson
Senator McConnell Attends United States Supreme Court Argument
Whether it's recess appointments or Obamacare, the Obama Administration&rsquo;s troubling approach does serious damage to the rule of law
On Monday, Senator McConnell attended the United States Supreme Court argument in a case regarding the constitutionality of President Obama&rsquo;s so-called &ldquo;recess&rdquo; appointments to the National Labor Relations Board in January 2012. Senator McConnell and 44 of his Senate colleagues filed an
amicus
brief in the case to preserve Congress' constitutional role. An
amicus
brief is a brief filed in a court by someone who is not a party in the case, meaning &ldquo;Friend of the Court.&rdquo;
After his visit to the Supreme Court, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;The President made an unprecedented power grab by placing political allies at a powerful federal agency while the Senate was meeting regularly and without even trying to obtain its advice and consent. The President was dismissive of the Constitution&rsquo;s constraints on his power, saying he would &lsquo;refuse to take no for an answer.&rsquo; Three federal appeals courts have rejected this and similar abuses of power.
The Court today was rightly skeptical of the Solicitor General&rsquo;s inconsistent argument that the Senate is in session if the President wants it to pass legislation he supports, but the Senate is not in session if he wants to circumvent the advice and consent requirement of the Constitution. Unfortunately, this is just one example of the Obama administration's tendency to abide by laws that it likes and to disregard laws it doesn't like. Whether it's recess appointments or Obamacare, this troubling approach does serious damage to the rule of law.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read an article from
USA Today :
&ldquo;Supreme Court Skeptical of Presidents' Appointment Power&rdquo;
Senator McConnell Addresses Kentucky&rsquo;s Burley Tobacco Members
On Friday, Senator McConnell visited Lexington to address the members of the Burley Tobacco Growers Cooperative Association and the Council for Burley Tobacco. Senator McConnell shared with the members the good news that the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) will fulfill its obligation to Kentucky tobacco farmers.
Last week, Senator McConnell announced
that the USDA informed him that tobacco quota holders will receive the full amount of their final tobacco payment. Senator McConnell was the primary author of the historic 2004 tobacco buyout.
Senator McConnell addresses Kentucky's Burley Tobacco Growers Cooperative Association and the Council for Burley Tobacco.
Earlier this week, the
Bowling Green Daily News
editorial board wrote in praise of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s work to secure the full payments for Kentucky tobacco growers:
&ldquo;Thankfully, McConnell intervened and contacted [USDA Secretary] Vilsack and Office of Management and Budget Director Sylvia Matthews Burwell &hellip; McConnell&rsquo;s efforts paid off and the USDA has agreed to provide farmers with the full payment&hellip;These farmers deserved their full payments, and we commend McConnell on his tireless efforts in making that happen.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read the full editorial from the
Bowling Green Daily News .
McConnell Honors Two Kentuckians in the Senate Page Program
On Thursday, Senator McConnell congratulated Kentuckians, Tess Gerdemann of Prospect and Cy Dutton of Shelbyville, for their service in the United States Senate Page Program for the past fall semester.
The highly competitive Page Program is composed of 30 students who are juniors in high school. Pages are appointed and sponsored by a Senator and their duties consist primarily of delivery of correspondence and legislative material within the Congressional Complex. For more information on the Senate Page Program or the college student internship program, visit Senator McConnell's website
HERE .
L-R: Tess Gerdemann of Prospect, Senator McConnell, Cy Dutton of Shelbyville
In the Media
On Friday during his visit to Lexington, Senator McConnell visited with members of the Kentucky Cattlemen&rsquo;s Association.
Senator McConnell spoke with Kentucky media at the Kentucky Cattleman&rsquo;s Association Convention and Trade Show in Lexington.
This week,
The Richmond Register
in Richmond, Kentucky reported about the Blue Grass Army Depot destruction mentioned in former U.S. Defense Secretary Bob Gates&rsquo; newest memoir:
&ldquo;&hellip;McConnell&rsquo;s push for funding to destroy chemical weapons stored at the Blue Grass Army Depot is mentioned in former Defense Secretary Bob Gates&rsquo; memoirs&hellip; shows the priority that McConnell has given to the project, said Craig Williams, co-chair of the Chemical Destruction Citizens Advisory Board. &lsquo;It says a lot when the issue associated with Senate Minority Leader McConnell in the mind of the former defense secretary under two presidents is the demilitarization effort at the Blue Grass Army Depot,&rsquo; Williams said. &lsquo;With all the issues coming across McConnell&rsquo;s desk, having Secretary Gates reference this one in his memoirs shows the senator&rsquo;s determination to see that this critical task is adequately funded.&rsquo;&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read
The Richmond Register &rsquo;s full report.
McConnell Stands for Military Retirees against Senate Democrats Opposition
Last week, Senator McConnell called on the United States Senate to consider and vote on his legislation that would have restored retirement benefits for certain members of the armed forces. Unfortunately, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) blocked the McConnell proposal.
This week,
The News-Enterprise
in Elizabethtown, Kentucky reported on the issue:
&ldquo;U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell has made attempts to restore the levels through an amendment offered as part of the unemployment insurance bill. According to McConnell&rsquo;s office, restoration of those benefits would have been paid for by delaying the individual health care mandate of the Affordable Care Act for one year, but the proposal was blocked.
&ldquo;McConnell also co-sponsored the &lsquo;Keeping our Promise to our Military Heroes Act&rsquo; to restore the benefits.
&ldquo;&lsquo;I am disappointed that the Senate Majority Leader and Senate Democrats have refused to vote on my amendment to restore benefits to military retirees, especially those in Kentucky,&rsquo; McConnell said in a statement. &lsquo;As a long-time supporter of benefits for our service members, veterans, military retirees and their families, I will continue to work towards the restoration of this benefit.&rsquo;&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read
The News-Enterprise &rsquo;s full report.
McConnell: &ldquo;How to Save the Senate&rdquo;
This week, Senator McConnell penned an opinion piece for
Politico Magazine ,
&ldquo;How to Save the Senate.&rdquo;
He writes, &ldquo;Unfortunately, Senate Democrats once again have a leader in Sen. Harry Reid who seems to think the right of all states&rsquo; representatives in the Senate to be heard is optional. The result has been greater acrimony between the two parties and a tendency of the majority Democrats to push for partisan legislation, such as the Affordable Care Act, that only guarantees greater instability in our laws.&rdquo; Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s entire op-ed.
Coming Up&hellip;
Senator McConnell will appear on the Huckabee Show on the Fox News Channel on Saturday, January 18th. Senator McConnell will join the host, Governor Mike Huckabee, to discuss the President&rsquo;s War on Coal and our nation&rsquo;s economy. Be sure to check your local listings for air times.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation's capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
