
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT STEVE
SERVICES
3RD DISTRICT
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
NEWSROOM
January 17, 2014
Week in Review
Watch my H.R.
801 floor speech
here!
This Tuesday, the House today passed
H.R.
801 , the Holding Company Registration Threshold Equalization Act of
2013, which I introduced with Representatives Jim Himes (CT-4), John
Delaney (MD-6), and Ann Wagner (MO-2).
The legislation extends to
savings and loan holding companies the shareholder registration
thresholds that the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act established for
banks and bank holding companies.
Small financial
institutions are essential to the communities they serve.
But
unfortunately, these institutions are coming under increased pressure from
Washington, forcing them to spend more and more of their resources to comply
with onerous new requirements
requirements intended for larger
banks
instead of serving the needs of their
communities.
Last
Congress, the House and Senate acted to eliminate some of the unnecessary
burdens by passing the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act.
Among other things, the bill raised the registration threshold for bank
holding companies from 500 to 2,000 shareholders and increased the
deregistration threshold from 300 to 1,200 shareholders, better
positioning banks to increase small business lending and, in turn, promote
economic growth in our communities.
Due to an oversight, however,
the JOBS Act did not explicitly extend these new thresholds to savings
and loan holding companies.
H.R. 801 corrects this
oversight and ensures that savings and loan holding companies are
treated in the same manner as bank and bank holding companies.
I was
thrilled to see this bill pass the House with broad bipartisan support,
and I urge the Senate to quickly pass this legislation that will
allow over 600 small lenders across the country to do what they do best:
enable job creation and economic growth in their
communities.
Watch the game winning dunk
here!
On Tuesday night, the Razorbacks took on and
beat the Kentucky Wildcats.
What a game and Woo Pig
Sooie!
On Wednesday, the House today voted on the
2014 Omnibus Appropriations bill , which provides $1.012 trillion
in funding for the federal government for fiscal year 2014.
Notably, the Omnibus cuts discretionary spending for the fourth
consecutive year, provides no new funding for Obamacare, protects life by
maintaining a ban on the use of federal funds for abortion, upholds First
Amendment rights by prohibiting the IRS to target groups based on
ideology, increases oversight to ensure the responsible use of taxpayer
dollars, provides for the nations security, military readiness, and our
warfighters, and ensures that our medically-retired military personnel
and their survivors receive their full cost-of-living
adjustments.
In Washington, we often let the perfect be the enemy of the
good.
This has been especially true in this divided government,
which has prevented Congress from doing what we were sent here to do:
govern.
Instead of digging in our heels, we have to come together
to work for the good.
Passing the Omnibus ensures a
functional government, takes federal spending off autopilot and reduces it
for the fourth consecutive year, upholds our conservative principles,
and staves off additional cuts to our national security.
While it
does not go far enough and is definitely not perfect
few compromises
are
I supported the bill because its another good step in the
right direction and am pleased the Senate passed the measure on
Thursday.
The full text of the bill and accompanying report can be
found
here .
On Thursday, the House
passed
H.R. 3362 , the Exchange Information Disclosure
Act, by a vote of 259-154.
H.R. 3362 requires the secretary of
Health and Human Services (HHS) to submit to Congress, and to make
available to state governors, state insurance commissioners, and the
public, weekly reports that describe the consumer interactions with
healthcare.gov or any subsequent website established by the federal
government for enrollment in a qualified health plan (QHP) or receipt of
premium tax credit.
These reports will provide key metrics
regarding HealthCare.gov, including unique website visits, accounts created,
qualified health plan selection, and Medicaid enrollment. This
information is important for numerous reasons: it will allow policymakers
and the public to assess the laws progress, it will allow state
insurance commissioners to better understand and predict future enrollment
trends and prices, and it will hold the administration accountable,
rather than allowing information to be released piecemeal, on a delayed
basis, or not at all.
Thursday afternoon, 28 of my House
colleagues joined me in sending
a letter to President
Obama
expressing our concern with his recent nominations to the
Federal Reserve Board of Governors, which fail to address community banks
lack of representation on the Board.
The central bank supervises and
regulates banks that are members of the Federal Reserve System,
including community banks, yet it lacks a member of its governing body who has
experience with the day-to-day operations of a small bank.
Our
letter asks that the administration take into consideration the
importance of appointing a governor who understands the practical
implications the Boards actions have on community banks and who can share that
perspective with the other governors.
Today, Im back in
Arkansas and meet with the State Chamber.
Ill be here all next
week for the first district work period of the 113 th
Congresss second session.
Im looking forward to traveling to all
corners of the Third District and hope to see you while I
do!
From the
Front...
Congressman Steve
Womack
Arkansas Third District
Washington, DC
1119 Longworth HOB |
Washington, DC 20515 |
(202) 225-4301 tel |
(202) 225-5713
fax
Fort
Smith
423 North 6th Street
Fort Smith, AR 72902
(479) 424-1146 tel
(479) 424-2737 fax
Harrison
303 N. Main Street,
Suite 102
Harrison, AR 72601
(870) 741-6900 tel
(870) 741-7741 fax
Rogers Office
3333 Pinnacle Hills,
Suite 120
Rogers,
AR 72758
(479) 464-0446
tel (479) 464-0063
fax
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
