
NEWS FROM WASHINGTON
Greetings,
As we begin another legislative week here in Washington, here's a look back at the latest from our nation's capital.
Protecting Medicare from Obamacare
Last week, in the House Energy &amp; Commerce Committee "Medicare Advantage: What Beneficiaries Should Expect Under the President's Health Plan" hearing, other committee members and I examined Obamacare's effect on the Medicare Advantage program and America's seniors.
After more than $300 billion in cuts to Medicare Advantage, as many as half of the program's 14 million dependent beneficiaries are
being forced into new plans they don't want, and losing doctors they like and trust . It is unacceptable that any patient, especially our seniors and disabled, has their livelihood threatened by Obamacare's violation of the doctor-patient relationship. It is critical that we act swiftly to protect our nation's elderly population from this 'train wreck' law. Click below to watch my questions in the hearing.
No special treatment for Congress
Despite being a strong proponent of Obamacare, last week Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid used a
loophole
to give several of his aides exemptions from the law's harmful impacts.
Last week I appeared on the Fox Business channel to discuss my
No Special Treatment for Congress " Act, which would end this carve-out for lawmakers and their staff. Click below to watch.
Toyo Tires brings jobs to Bartow County
Gov. Nathan Deal announced last week at the Toyo Tire North America Manufacturing, Inc. (TNA) facility in White that the company will expand its current facility, creating a total of 650 new jobs and $371 million investment into the project over the next four years.
Georgias strong automotive manufacturing sector helps innovative companies such as Toyo Tire, Deal said. The companys commitment to Georgia over international competition speaks to the high level of our pro-business climate and solid relationship with our international partner, Japan. I have no doubt that this state-of-the-art manufacturing company will continue to grow in the industry.
Click here to read more .
Fighting for navigator transparency
Under a
63-page rule
issued by the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), the government will employ tens of thousands of new government workers, so-called navigators and "assisters," nationwide to enroll Americans in health care coverage and educate them on Obamacare changes.These outreach programs have already received hundreds-of-millions in taxpayer grant money.
Federal law doesn't require navigators to undergo a background check despite the fact they will handle individuals' sensitive, personal information. Given the enormous amount of
controversy
surrounding this issue, some states, including Georgia, have passed state laws requiring them. Because of these concerns, and the fact that Secretary Sebelius even admitted the potential for fraud in this program, I submitted a
Freedom of Information Act request
asking some of the following questions:
How are these navigators and assisters chosen?
How is the privacy of patients and healthcare customers insured?
If a state or organization requires a background check, how comprehensive must they be? Are applicants required to pass?
Thank you for your well wishes
As many of you may have heard, my mother passed away last week at the age of 95. Since then, my family and I have received a gracious outpouring of well-wishes and prayers from many Georgians. On behalf of my family, I extend my deepest thanks for your words of condolence.
Helen Cecelia Gannon Gingrey was a wonderful mother and a blessing to her family, friends, and community. She was known for her wit and wisdom. My mother meant so much to so many throughout her long, happy life. She is in a better place, but will be deeply missed.
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me email updates.
Click Here
FORWARD THIS EMAIL
You can send this message on to your friends and family
Click Here
CONNECT ONLINE
Home
|
About Phil
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
Contact Us
