
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Intel Committee Issues Report on Benghazi
As a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, I contributed to a
bipartisan report
released this
week on the 2012 attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi. Our
report is a step forward in our understanding of these tragic events,
but not a final conclusion.
The report affirms what many of us long suspected for more than a year -
that there were plenty of warning signs and this attack that killed
four Americans, including our ambassador, could have been prevented.
People on the ground in Libya recognized the need for additional
security. Unfortunately, it was never provided.
The failure of the Obama administration and State Department to hold
personnel accountable for the lack of security is completely
unacceptable. It raises questions on whether the decision to mislead
the public was a pre-election political move to continue a narrative
that al-Qaeda was on the run. This was never about a YouTube video and
the administration knew that.
The administration did not fully cooperate with Congress on this report
so there are many unanswered questions. I hope the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee will help us seek those answers, and I urge the
administration to come forward and provide the public with the truth.
To date, not one attacker has been brought to justice for this attack
on Americans. The administration should commit the resources necessary
to bring those responsible to justice.
The goal of the committee report was to present the truth, but the
committee's oversight does not stop with its publication. Hopefully,
the American public and my fellow Senators, particularly those on the
Senate Foreign Relations and Armed Services Committees, will join the
Intelligence Committee in pressuring the Obama administration to hold
people accountable and provide full transparency about why certain
decisions were made at the White House, the State Department, and the
Pentagon before, during and after the tragic events of September 11,
2012.
Click here
or on the image above to watch me
discuss this issue on CNN. Click here
to access the
report.
Coats in the News
GOP turns new fire on Clinton after Benghazi report
Coats Supports Bipartisan Effort to Improve Nation's Infrastructure
with Innovative Financing Proposal
Coats Supports Resolution Disapproving of Administration's Job-Killing
Energy Regulations
Coats: GOP senators offer unemployment insurance extension bill
Coats: Majority Leader Blocks Reforms to Fix Unemployment Insurance
Benefits
Information about Academy Nominations
_____
Stay Connected
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Intel Committee Issues Report on Benghazi
As a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, I contributed to a
bipartisan
report
released this week on the 2012 attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi.
Our report is a step forward in our understanding of these tragic events, but not a final conclusion.
The report affirms what many of us long suspected for more than a year &#8211; that there were plenty
of warning signs and this attack that killed four Americans, including our ambassador, could have
been prevented. People on the ground in Libya recognized the need for additional security. Unfortunately,
it was never provided.
The failure of the Obama administration and State Department to hold personnel accountable
for the lack of security is completely unacceptable. It raises questions on whether the decision to mislead
the public was a pre-election political move to continue a narrative that al-Qaeda was on the run. This
was never about a YouTube video and the administration knew that.
The administration did not fully cooperate with Congress on this report so there are
many unanswered questions. I hope the Senate Foreign Relations Committee will help us seek those answers,
and I urge the administration to come forward and provide the public with the truth.
To date, not one attacker has been brought to justice for this attack on Americans.
The administration should commit the resources necessary to bring those responsible to justice.
The goal of the committee report was to present the truth, but the committee&#8217;s oversight does
not stop with its publication. Hopefully, the American public and my fellow Senators, particularly
those on the Senate Foreign Relations and Armed Services Committees, will join the Intelligence Committee
in pressuring the Obama administration to hold people accountable and provide full transparency about
why certain decisions were made at the White House, the State Department, and the Pentagon before, during
and after the tragic events of September 11, 2012.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch me discuss this issue on CNN. Click
here
to access the report.
Coats
in the News
GOP
turns new fire on Clinton after Benghazi report
Coats
Supports Bipartisan Effort to Improve Nation&#8217;s Infrastructure with Innovative Financing Proposal
Coats
Supports Resolution Disapproving of Administration&#8217;s Job-Killing Energy Regulations
Coats:
GOP senators offer unemployment insurance extension bill
Coats:
Majority Leader Blocks Reforms to Fix Unemployment Insurance Benefits
Information
about Academy Nominations
Stay
Connected
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
