
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Obamacare Website Must Be Secured
This week, I voted for the Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act, which requires federal agencies to inform individuals if their personal information has been compromised through Obamacare's online exchanges. I have repeatedly called on the Obama Administration to take down the website and conduct end-to-end security testing before requiring Americans to input their personal information. Given the lack of security testing and risks associated with healthcare.gov, this measure is reasonable step to ensure federal officials are required to notify individuals in case of a breach. This bill passed with a wide bipartisan majority, proving that protecting Americans' privacy on healthcare.gov should not be a political issue. Read full press release
HERE .
Latson Road Interchange Opens in Livingston County
I was thrilled to join the ribbon-cutting event to mark the completion of the new I-96/Latson Road interchange last month. Since my earliest days in Congress I have worked with federal, state and local authorities to help make the Latson Road interchange a reality. I was fortunate to be able to inject some energy into the project by securing $12 million in federal contributions, but the majority of the cost and the elbow grease came from those in Michigan who were dedicated to seeing this through.
The I-96/Latson Road interchange project included:
- Constructing a new bridge extending Latson/Nixon Road over I-96,
- Building new ramps to connect I-96 and Latson/Nixon Road,
- Reconstructing and relocating Grand Oaks Drive and Beck Road,
- Reconstructing and widening Latson/Nixon Road, and
- Resurfacing and widening the Grand River Avenue/Latson Road intersection.
This project has long been needed to relieve congestion, as well as help encourage the development of jobs and economic growth in our community.
I am thrilled to see the end product of the hard work of so many people from Genoa Township, the Livingston County Road Commission and MDOT.
Protecting the Great Lakes from Asian Carp
This week the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers released the Great Lakes Mississippi River Interbasin Study (GLMRIS), authorized by Congress in 2007. The study is intended to examine a number of alternatives that would prevent aquatic species from spreading throughout our waterways and into the Great Lakes.
With the help of congressional action in 2012, we expedited the deadline for this study by passing the Stop Invasive Species Act, further signaling the need for immediate action. I will continue to fight to protect our Great Lakes from these dangerous invasive species.
An Update on Benghazi Investigation
Over the holidays, the New York Times published a story claiming that the terror attack in Benghazi, Libya had no links to Al Qaeda.
I am appalled by what is either biased or poorly researched journalism because this claim is simply inaccurate.
The House Intelligence Committee, which I chair, has studied the entire body of evidence, including some 4,000 classified cables leading up to the event, during the event, and after the event.
The evidence clearly identifies Al Qaeda affiliates as being involved in the attacks.
The Washington Post
just published a piece acknowledging these facts.
Rest assured I am dedicated to the continued investigation of the attack on the United States consulate in Benghazi, Libya.
I will ensure that the truth of these murderous actions is made public, and those responsible are held accountable.
Click
HERE
to watch The O'Reilly Factor where I refuted the NY Times claim that the Benghazi attack had no Al Qaeda link and click
HERE
to watch the Catherine Herridge report on FOX News.
Thank you again for the opportunity to contact you.
You can also follow my efforts on
YouTube
(RepMikeRogers),
Twitter
(@repmikerogers) and
Facebook
(Mike J. Rogers).
Should you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to call me.
Sincerely,
Mike Rogers
Member of Congress
Please do not respond to this email; this mailbox is unattended.
HOME
|
MEET MIKE
|
LEGISLATIVE ISSUES
|
NEWS ROOM
|
CONTACT MIKE
LANSING DISTRICT OFFICE:
1000 West St. Joseph, Suite 300 Lansing, Michigan 48915
Toll-free: (877) 333-MIKE | Phone: (517) 702-8000 | Fax: (517) 702-8642
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE:
2112 Rayburn House Office Building Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4872 | Fax: (202) 225-5820
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here