
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND
LEGISLATION
December 15, 2013
Lynns Weekly Update - Open Office Hours;
Budget Agreement; Kids First Research Act; Reducing Economic
Uncertainty; Farm Bill; Doc Fix
Pittsburg Open
House :
Next Friday, December 20, I will be hosting an
open house at my Pittsburg office, 1001 N. Broadway, at 10:30 a.m. I am
looking forward to seeing Crawford County folks
I hope you can stop
by!
Budget Agreement
I always
put Kansans first, and Kansans care about reducing wasteful, Washington
spending. This week, the House passed the
Budget
Conference agreement
negotiated by Chairman Paul Ryan and Chairman
Patty Murray. With this bipartisan agreement, we will reduce our
long-term deficits over the next 10 years without raising taxes, and these
smarter savings will only increase over time. Without this agreement, we
will spend more taxpayer dollars over the next decade, even with the
current sequester, and face the strong possibility of another
destructive government shutdown come January.
The NBAF (National
Bio- and Agro-Defense Facility), which is critical to Kansas and our
national security, could receive $404 million with this agreement, but
without it, only $17 million, effectively sending the NBAF a stop work
notice causing ripple-effects across Kansas. After careful review, this
agreement will not solve our massive debt problem, but supporting
this agreement, is the only RESPONSIBLE option for the Kansas economy and
takes a small step toward getting our fiscal house in
order.
During a time of extreme partisan rhetoric, I am hopeful this
agreement shows there are leaders in Congress who can put aside their
differences to break through the dysfunction in Washington. I commend
Chairman Ryan for not sacrificing our shared conservative principles, and
helping our nation reach the first, divided-government budget agreement
since 1985.
House Passes the Gabriella Miller Kids
First Research Act
Stop talking; start doing.
This is what
Gabriella Miller , a passionate and
dedicated advocate for childhood cancer awareness, asked of our
nations leaders. This week, the House honored her request by voting on the
Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act
to help
fund pediatric research on childhood cancer, autism, and other serious
childhood diseases and disorders. Gabriella lost her battle to brain
cancer in October, but this bill could help make the fight easier for
brave and beautiful kids like her.
CLICK HERE
to
watch my remarks supporting the bill on the House
Floor.
Hardworking
American Deserve Fever Government Mandates, More Flexibility, and More
Certainty.
Uncertainty. That is the word I hear more
than any other: uncertainty from more and more regulations,
uncertainty about higher taxes, uncertainty about unstainable debt and the
effects on our economy, and of course, uncertainty about the President's
health care law. Hardworking Americans deserve better. They want fewer
government mandates, more flexibility, and more certainty.
CLICK HERE
to watch my remarks from this weeks House
leadership press conference.
Farm Bill Progress
This week, the
House voted to extend the 2008 Farm Bill until January 31, 2014. I have
been calling for the passage of a long-term Farm Bill since 2012, and
have supported efforts in the House to pass new legislation. I have
worked closely with Chairman Frank Lucas to ensure the needs of Kansas
farmers, ranchers, and consumers are met through this bill. This
extension, though not ideal, will allow House and Senate negotiators to
continue working to come to an agreement on a long-term Farm Bill to bring
certainty to the agricultural sector and those who work hard to provide
our nations food supply.
House Passes 3-Month
Doc Fix
On Thursday, the House Ways &amp;
Means Committee approved a new system to replace the flawed Sustainable
Growth Rate (SGR) that we use to reimburse physicians for treating
Medicare patients. The current system is badly broken and needs annual
fixes to prevent physician reimbursement from being drastically cut.
This creates uncertainty for both doctors and elderly Americans. The new
system, which is outlined in
H.R. 2810, the Medicare
Patient Access and Quality Improvement Act of 2013 , would provide
a greater focus on quality, rather than volume of care. It was
reported favorably out of committee by an unanimous bipartisan majority of
39-0. Although there is still much work and fine-tuning to do on this
issue, I am pleased that this process is moving forward. In the
meantime, the budget agreement that passed the House Thursday provides a
three-month patch to extend physician reimbursements, that are set to
expire at the end of the year, until the new system is
finalized.
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send
me e-mail updates.*
Click Here
*By subscribing to
my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter What do you think should be
Congress' top priority right now? Passing a budget Addressing ObamaCare's problems Getting a Farm Bill done Reforming the tax code Other
If you answered "Other" above, please
explain below. *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here.
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001
N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS
66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS
66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
