
North Star Newsletter | December 2013
Making Medicine Safe for All Minnesotans
Recently, my bipartisan bill to strengthen safety protections for Minnesotans who need compounded drugs was signed into law.
Minnesotans need to be able to trust that the medications they receive are safe. Sadly, that hasn't always been the case. In an effort to combat this problem, I wrote a bipartisan bill with my colleagues to help ensure the safety of compounded drugs&mdash;which are drugs that are made, mixed, diluted, or combined for individual patients.
Last year, 64 Americans died and hundreds more were harmed after a drug compounding facility in Massachusetts sent contaminated medications to 20 states, including Minnesota. My bill, which addresses the lack of oversight linked to that deadly outbreak, is already being implemented by the FDA. I recently met with two Minnesotans who faced terrible illness after taking those tainted drugs, and now that my bill is the law of the land, hopefully we will help prevent a deadly outbreak from happening again.
A Good Step Forward
This week, the Senate has taken up a long-term budget compromise. I think this is a good step forward. We can't keep lurching from budget crisis to budget crisis, and passing this budget bill means we shouldn't see another costly government shutdown.
This deal means that businesses will have the stability and certainty they need to create jobs and strengthen our economy. And it allows us to focus on what we were sent here to do&mdash;educating our kids, creating a 21st-century workforce, and putting people back to work.
I'm also glad that this deal replaces some of the extreme, across-the-board budget cuts put in place earlier this year, allowing us to make some of the critical investments we need to support our economic recovery, while still responsibly reducing the deficit.
I intend to vote for the bill even though, like any compromise, it has elements that I like, but also ones I don't like. Ultimately, for the next two years this bill will give businesses the certainty they need to create jobs and will prevent another costly government shutdown that hurts our economy.
Cutting College Textbook Costs
Pushing to make college more affordable for Minnesota families is a top priority for me in the Senate.
As I travel the state, I often hear from students and parents alike about how difficult it is to pay for the rising tuition and fees, and about the significant sacrifices students must make to stay in school.
One of the financial burdens at college is the rising costs of textbooks and supplies, which cost students in Minnesota an average of $1,400 each year. In response, I've introduced a bill to expand the use of free, online textbooks on campuses across the country. My bill, which has the support of student groups in Minnesota, is a way to provide cheaper alternatives to traditional textbooks, keep costs down, and give students access to the materials they need.
I will continue working hard to tackle college affordability and rein in the cost of higher education, because it's critical not only to students in Minnesota, but also to our nation's economic future.
My Final Push to Finish Farm Bill
As the end of the year approaches, I have continued to press Congress to finally complete work on a five-year Farm Bill, and I remain optimistic that we can get this important measure over the finish line.
We all know that the Farm Bill is critical to Minnesota, where one out of every five jobs is tied to agriculture. That's why I was so active in crafting the bill that passed the Senate. I wrote the energy section of the bill, which helps farmers and rural businesses reduce their energy costs, and I worked very hard to get support for new farmers and ranchers who are just starting out. I also successfully fought for our sugar program, which supports thousands of jobs and is so important to our state's economy. The program was under assault and I helped beat that back.
Now I'm fighting to make sure that these provisions stay in the final bill and that we get it passed as soon as possible to give Minnesota farmers, ranchers, and rural communities the tools and the certainty they need to plan for the future.
To unsubscribe from these newsletters, please visit the unsubscribe page here: http://franken.senate.gov/?p=newsletter_unsub
