
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Obamacare Contributing to Income Inequality
President Obama recently has spent a lot of time talking about income
inequality. I anticipate we will be hearing a lot more about this topic
as we approach the mid-term elections in November.
As part of the debate on that issue, it must be mentioned that
President Obama's signature accomplishment - Obamacare - is
contributing to the problem.
As recently as 2012, we were told by President Obama that the health
insurance premiums paid by small businesses and individuals "will go
down" because of Obamacare. Yet, even the Obama administration recently
has admitted that many Americans will pay more for health care because
of the Obamacare law.
This week, in its latest report on health spending trends, the U.S.
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services disclosed that health care
spending in the United States rose 3.7 percent in 2012. The report
states that Obamacare provisions effective for 2010 through 2012 have
had minimal impact on total national health spending.
So while the administration may claim that Obamacare is lowering
overall health spending, this report says Obamacare has had only a
"minimal impact."
Click here
or on the image above to watch me discuss this
issue on the Senate floor.
_____
Hoosiers Didn't Send Me to Senate to "Sit Down"
Earlier this week, I voted to proceed to consideration of an extension
of the unemployment insurance benefits program because I believe the
Senate should have the opportunity to debate and reform this
legislation. I offered four amendments to reform the existing program
to ensure that it is paid for and benefits are going to those actively
looking for work.
On Thursday, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid rejected all four
amendments, as well as all other Republican amendments. I engaged in a
lengthy exchange with Reid about his refusal to allow Republican
amendments. I told the Majority Leader, "I am representing the people
of Indiana and their voice is shut down."
Click here to watch the full exchange.
Coats in the News
Coats: "Let's get better policies in place"
Coats on Fox Business
Dan Coats: "We needed a sound debate"
GOP Targets "Illegal" IRS Payouts, Double Dipping In Jobless Showdown
Six Senate Republicans Disappoint Pundits, Allow Unemployment Insurance
Debate
Federal budget deal: Tastes great, less than filling
_____
Stay Connected
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Obamacare Contributing to Income Inequality
President Obama recently has spent a lot of time talking about income inequality. I anticipate
we will be hearing a lot more about this topic as we approach the mid-term elections in November.
As part of the debate on that issue, it must be mentioned that President Obama&#8217;s
signature accomplishment &#8211; Obamacare &#8211; is contributing to the problem.
As recently as 2012, we were told by President Obama that the health insurance premiums paid by
small businesses and individuals &#8220;will go down&#8221; because of Obamacare. Yet, even the Obama
administration recently has admitted that many Americans will pay more for health care because of the
Obamacare law.
This week, in its latest report on health spending trends, the U.S. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services disclosed that health care spending in the United States rose 3.7 percent in 2012. The report
states that Obamacare provisions effective for 2010 through 2012 have had minimal impact on total national
health spending.
So while the administration may claim that Obamacare is lowering overall health spending, this
report says Obamacare has had only a &#8220;minimal impact.&#8221;
Click
here
or on the image above to watch me discuss this issue on the Senate floor.
Hoosiers
Didn't Send Me to Senate to "Sit Down"
Earlier
this week, I voted to proceed to consideration of an extension of the unemployment insurance benefits
program because I believe the Senate should have the opportunity to debate and reform this legislation.
I offered four amendments to reform the existing program to ensure that it is paid for and benefits are
going to those actively looking for work.
On Thursday, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid rejected all four amendments, as well as all other
Republican amendments. I engaged in a lengthy exchange with Reid about his refusal to allow Republican
amendments. I told the Majority Leader, "I am representing the people of Indiana and their voice is shut
down."
Click
here to watch the full exchange.
Coats
in the News
Coats:
"Let&#8217;s get better policies in place"
Coats
on Fox Business
Dan
Coats: "We needed a sound debate"
GOP
Targets "Illegal" IRS Payouts, Double Dipping In Jobless Showdown
Six
Senate Republicans Disappoint Pundits, Allow Unemployment Insurance Debate
Federal
budget deal: Tastes great, less than filling
Stay
Connected
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
