
A Message from Congressman Paul Broun
Broun in District 10
Broun and Athens Area Residents at the Clarke County Chamber of Commerce
Towards the end of November, I
had the opportunity to host
Coffee with the Congressman
in my hometown of Athens, Georgia. It was great to have such a large turnout at this event, and I thank everyone who was able to make it out. We had a particularly large crowd arrive from Athens' community of senior citizens, and I appreciate their enthusiasm and suggestions.
Monroe Elementary students display letters from Congressman Broun
Following
Coffee with the Congressman , I traveled to Monroe Elementary school to meet with some special students. During Constitution Week in September, I received 208 letters from Monroe Elementary students telling me what they had learned about the Constitution. Their outstanding participation in my "Constitution Week Challenge" prompted me to visit their school to speak with them in person about the importance of the US Constitution. Its was an honor to meet with these bright young students, and I appreciate their teachers' dedication to passing on the principals of freedom and liberty our Founding Fathers gave us in the Constitution.
Broun greets residents at The Cottages at Monroe
After receiving an invitation from a former patient of mine, I had the opportunity to meet with the senior residents of The Cottages at Monroe to discuss the changes that seniors were facing due to Obamacare. After providing an update of the current status of Obamacare, I opened the floor up for questions. Needless to say, questions hovered around Obamacare's affects on medicare and concerns about their loss of coverage and doctors. I assured the men and women of The Cottages that providing quality and affordable healthcare for Americans is my priority as a medical doctor and a US Congressman, and that I am fighting in Washington to repeal and replace Obamacare so that all Americans will have access to the coverage they need and deserve.
Stop Wasting Time Trying to Fix Obamacare
By: Rep. Paul C. Broun, M.D.
Last week, the House voted on a largely symbolic bill that merely nibbled at the edges of the problems caused by Obamacare.
The Keep Your Health Plan Act attempted to fix one of the many problems caused by the Presidents disastrous healthcare law: the cancellations by insurance companies of healthcare plans which do not meet Obamacares myriad requirements. However, what House Republican leadership failed to see is that you cant fix a law that will cripple our economy, increase our nations debt, and limit healthcare options for millions of Americans.
Obamacare is simply not fixable, and Congress must stop wasting time passing bills which keep Obamacare in place. That is why I was one of only four Republicans to oppose this bill, and it is why I will continue to stand strong against shortsighted fixes to this law.
Click to keep reading...
Quick Links
Press
Broun Reminds Colleagues that Obamacare Cannot be Fixed
"Just last week, the House passed a symbolic bill that merely nibbled at the edges of the problems caused by Obamacare. But, you cannot fix a law that will cripple our economy, increase our nations debt, and limit healthcare options for millions of Americans."
Broun: Lets Focus on Full Repeal of Obamacare
"I voted against the Keep Your Health Plan Act because I am serious about putting a stop to Obamacare, and this bill does nothing to address Obamacare in the long-term. We need to focus on real reform that will actually lower costs and deliver quality care, not waste time with another delay or fix, said Rep. Broun.
Press Releases
Click below to read recent Press Releases.
Multimedia
Connect
RSS Feed
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Washington D.C.
2437 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4101
Fax: 202-226-0776
Athens
3706 Atlanta Hwy, Ste 2
Athens, GA 30606
Phone: 706-549-9588
Fax: 706-549-9590
Click Here Click Here