DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
December 5, 2013
Rep. Garrett receives an error message while trying to sign up for ObamaCare
Dear Friend,
Since the ObamaCare exchanges opened on October 1, 2013, my offices in New Jersey and Washington, D.C. have been inundated with calls, letters, and emails from people who have seen their coverage change, premiums increase, and insurance policies cancelled.
To get a better understanding of the specific problems you and your families are now facing, I sent a survey to Fifth District residents asking how ObamaCare is affecting your personal health insurance.
Unfortunately, the survey results were worse than I expected.
Fifty-six percent of you have seen a change in your insurance coverage, and 54 percent of you have seen an increase in your premiums.
Worse yet, one in ten people have already been entirely dropped from their plans.
Regrettably, this number is only going to rise in the coming weeks and months because
recent reports
estimate that approximately 800,000 New Jerseyans will lose their current plans by this time next year.
These results confirm what I feared all along:
ObamaCare is unfairly burdening middle class Americans.
While these numbers paint a picture about the grim outlook of health insurance under ObamaCare, the individual stories are even more heartbreaking.
Steven, a doctor from Tenafly, called ObamaCare, a disaster for me as patient, a physician and a small business owner."
Gloria from Haworth has seen her monthly premium jump $175.
And, William from Park Ridge, who lost his plan because of ObamaCare, is frantically trying to get signed up on
HealthCare.gov , but has had no success despite repeated attempts.
This week, while trying to sign up on the website, I too felt the frustration of ObamaCare.
On numerous occasions, just as I thought I had completed the process, I was met by an error message.
Admittedly, at some point, the website will theoretically be fixed, but other, bigger problems will remain.
We can all agree that we need meaningful healthcare reform that decreases patient costs and increases patient accessibility.
Unfortunately, the ObamaCare law is simply doing the opposite.
The American people deserve patient-centered reforms that put health care choices in the hands of the people, not government bureaucrats.
Specifically, I believe you and your families should be allowed to purchase insurance across state lines and through groups and trade associations.
I believe that your health insurance should be tied to you, as an individual, not your employment.
I believe that you should have more choices with regard to Health Savings Accounts.
And, I believe small businesses should be allowed to band together to purchase insurance.
As always, I rely on your feedback to help me make important decisions in our nations capital.
Thank you to everyone who participated in this ObamaCare survey; I look forward to hearing from you again soon.
Sincerely,
Scott Garrett
Join Me Online
Want to stay on top of the work I am doing in Washington, D.C.?
Sign-up for the
Garrett Gazette , my e-newsletter!
Become a fan of my
Facebook
page today.
You can also follow me on
Twitter .
I regularly post up-to-the-minute updates on my work on Capitol Hill, my commentary on important news items and information about great things happening in Northern New Jersey.
Get involvedbecome part of the conversation today!
Help with a Federal Agency
One of the greatest honors I have as a
Congressman is helping residents of the Fifth District communicate with federal agencies and resolving any difficulties with them.
For more information on the services I can offer, click
here .
Eastern District Office
266 Harristown Rd, Suite 104
Glen Rock, NJ 07452
Phone: (201) 444-5454
Fax: (201) 444-5488
Western District Office
83 Spring Street, Suite 302A
Newton, NJ 07860
Phone: (973) 300-2000
Fax: (973) 300-1051
Washington, DC
2232 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4465
Fax: (202) 225-9048
CONNECT WITH SCOTT GARRETT
Click Here Click Here