
A Message from Congressman Paul Broun
Broun Opposes Ryan-Murray Budget
This Thursday, Congressman Broun voted against the Ryan-Muray budget deal, which would increase spending by $63 billion over the next two years.
The bill, which also continues funding for Obamacare, was passed Thursday by a vote of 332-94.
Our nation is currently grappling with over $17 trillion in debt, representing more than $54,000 owed for each American
and yet the Ryan-Murray budget deal does nothing to address this issue.
It simply feeds Washingtons spending addiction,
said Rep. Broun.
Instead of taking the opportunity to enact meaningful spending reform, this deal spends an additional $63 billion over the next two years in exchange for the empty promise of spending cuts in the future
a budget gimmick which is all but certain to be cancelled before any real cuts come to fruition
Click Here For Full Statement
New Survey
The Ryan-Murray budget deal increases spending by $63 billion over the next two years largely by using a budget mechanism to delay certain sequestration cuts to 2022 and increasing user fees levied on airline passengers. It also continues funding for Obamacare. Congressman Broun voted against this measure, urging his colleagues to start working towards solutions that will cut our deficit instead of encouraging Washingtons reckless spending habit.
Click Here to Take the Survey
Join Congressman Broun for a Healthcare Discussion Next Monday
Congressman Broun will host a special healthcare themed Coffee with the Congressman event on Monday, December 16th at 8:00 AM at the Winder Womans Club. Broun invites all residents of the 10 th
Congressional District to join him for a free cup of coffee to discuss the current healthcare realities afflicting residents of Georgias 10 th
Congressional District. Broun requests that attendees come ready to share their own stories of enrolling in Obamacare and any difficulties they have faced.
What:
Coffee with the Congressman
Who:
U.S. Congressman Paul Broun and
10 th
District Residents
When:
Monday, December 16th,
2013 from 8:00-9:00 AM
Where:
Winder Womans Club
15 West Midland Avenue
Winder, GA 30680
ICYMI:
Broun on the Air
Recently, Congressman Paul Broun appeared on several local and national news and radio shows to talk about his efforts to repeal Obamacare in full and replace it with a market-based solution like his Patient OPTION Act. If you missed any interviews on the first time around, click and have a listen below.
Click Here to Listen
I have a unique perspective as a family doctor because as family physicians we look at patients from the economic perspective as well as the healthcare perspective. So, family doctors have really a unique perch to try to help develop policy that makes sense economically as well as makes sense for the quality of healthcare The thing is, Obamacare is a disaster, its going to be a destroyer the quality of healthcare, its going to destroy the doctor patient relationship.
said Broun.
Quick Links
Press &amp; Events
Broun to Host Healthcare Discussion in Barrow Co
The news clips and sound bites about the woes of attempting to enroll in Obamacare are rolling in from all around the country, but I need to hear from Georgians, said Broun. I want to know exactly how the implementation of Obamacare has affected you."
Broun to Host Coffee with the Congressman in Taliaferro
Broun had originally scheduled this event for October, but had to cancel his appearance after the partial government shutdown forced him to remain in Washington for votes. All residents of the 10 th
Congressional District are invited to join Congressman Broun at this free event which is open to the media as well.
Broun Reminds Colleagues that Obamacare Cannot be Fixed
"Just last week, the House passed a symbolic bill that merely nibbled at the edges of the problems caused by Obamacare. But, you cannot fix a law that will cripple our economy, increase our nations debt, and limit healthcare options for millions of Americans."
Press Releases
Click below to read recent Press Releases.
Multimedia
BROUN'S 4-WAY TEST
I am committed to protecting the constitutional rights and pocketbooks of every American. I will apply the following four-way test to every piece of legislation that comes before the House for a vote:
Is it Right/Moral?
Is it Constitutional?
Is it Necessary?
Is it Affordable?
Connect
RSS Feed
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Washington D.C.
2437 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4101
Fax: 202-226-0776
Athens
3706 Atlanta Hwy, Ste 2
Athens, GA 30606
Phone: 706-549-9588
Fax: 706-549-9590
