
Tuesday, November 26, 2013
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Turner Works with Local Officials to Preserve Former GM Assembly Plant in Effort to Recruit New Jobs
Yesterday, Congressman Mike Turner met with local economic development leaders from the City of Moraine and Montgomery County in a continuing effort to bring new jobs to the Dayton area.
Several years ago following following the closing of the Moraine GM Truck Assembly plant, Turner met with several local officials who were concerned about the plant being demolished and sold for scrap. Rep. Turner expressed their and his concerns with the Department of Commerce and Treasury officials in an effort to save the former GM Assembly plant from being destroyed. Today these efforts have allowed the City of Moraine to pursue several options that will bring investment and manufacturing jobs back to Montgomery County.
Following yesterday's meeting with the local economic development team and the continued push to make this site a viable options for hundreds of jobs, Rep. Turner and Mayor Elaine Allison met with the local media to share their plans.
Below is a story from from the Dayton Daily News and a clip from WHIO that explain these efforts.
Dayton Daily News:
Turner pushes for federal money for Moraine plant
MORAINE
The U.S. Department of Commerce helped prevent the former General Motors assembly plant in Moraine from being torn down, and now U.S. Rep. Mike Turner is again asking for the departments help in returning the facility to productive use.
On Monday, Turner, R-Dayton, met with local economic development officials, including Moraine city officials, Montgomery County Administrator Joe Tuss and Dayton Development Coalition president and CEO Jeff Hoagland to receive an update on Moraines efforts to attract jobs to the city and the partially vacant plant.
Click
HERE
to read the entire story from Dayton Daily News.
Click below to watch the report from WHIO:
OHIO OFFICE
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
120 West 3rd St, Ste. 305
Dayton, Ohio 45402
phone: 937-225-2843
2239 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-6465
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here