
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
DECEMBER 13, 2013
Please allow me to update you on some of this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Opposes Ryan-Murray Budget Deal
This week, a budget deal was made by Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.) that raises taxes, adds $7 trillion in debt over 10 years and increases our deficit by $60 billion.
There is a recurring theme in Washington budget negotiations. It's "I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for a hamburger today." I think it's a huge mistake to trade sequester cuts now for the promise of cuts later.
The small sequester spending cuts were not nearly enough to address our deficit problem. Undoing tens of billions of this modest spending restraint is shameful and must be opposed. I cannot support a budget that raises taxes and never balances, nor can I support a deal that does nothing to reduce our nation's $17.3 trillion debt.
Click
HERE
to read my entire statement.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks Out Against Nuclear Option
On Thursday, I took to the Senate floor to oppose Senate Democrats' use of the so-called nuclear option. I firmly believe that the death of the filibuster is the death of dialogue.
Click
HERE
or below to watch my floor speech.
(Sen. Paul speaking out against the nuclear option - December 12, 2013)
Dr. Paul Meets with Nagmeh Abedini
On Wednesday, I met with Nagmeh Abedini, the wife of American pastor Saeed Abedini. Pastor Abdeini is currently imprisoned in Iran due to his Christian faith.
Last month, the Senate passed my resolution calling for the government of Iran to immediately release Pastor Saeed Abedini and all other individuals detained on account of their religious beliefs.
We will not sit back and watch as Americans are detained due to their religious beliefs and our government must call on Iran to release the individuals. I will continue to do all that I can to protect American citizens from religious persecution abroad.
(Sen. Paul and Nagmeh Abedini - December 11, 2013)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky Health Care Representatives
Also on Tuesday, I met with Deb Moessner, the Kentucky president of Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield, and several health care representatives from Kentucky. We discussed the implementation of the Kentucky health care exchange and the effects Obamacare has had in our state.
(Sen. Paul and health care representatives from Kentucky - December 11, 2013)
Dr. Rand Paul Honors the Legacy of South African President Nelson Mandela
I issued the following statement on the life and legacy of South African President, Nelson Mandela:
"Nelson Mandela not only changed history, his call for tolerance, peace and acceptance changed the minds of people across the globe. The indelible mark he left on his country and the world will serve as an example of rightness and perseverance for humanity for all time."
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, roughly 280,000 Kentuckians have received cancellation notices from their current health care providers. For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage. Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted rhetoric, smoke and mirrors.
Obamacare is not good for America and it certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like you hear how has Obamacare affected you, your family or your small business? Share your story by visiting my website:
paul.senate.gov
Media Wrap-Up
This past week, I appeared on Fox's
Your World with Neil Cavuto ,
Fox News Sunday ,
Cashin' In with Eric Bolling , and
CBS This Morning . I spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including Leland Conway of WHAS and Brian Jackson of WVJS. I also penned an Op-Ed in
Breitbart .
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
