
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
CONGRESSMAN CLEAVER URGES IMMEDIATE ACTION TO HELP MISSOURI&rsquo;S FIFTH DISTRICT
This week I urged the Speaker of the House to let Members vote immediately on extending emergency unemployment insurance. Twice now Republicans have voted against House Democrats&rsquo; efforts to be allowed to vote on the extension.
Hardworking men and women in Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District are struggling. They have played by the rules and have lost their jobs through no fault of their own. To cut off their lifeline right now, while they continue to look for work and still must feed their families, is mean-spirited and just plain wrong.
At the end of December, 1.3 million Americans lost unemployment insurance, including 20,000 Missourians. Failure to act will cost an estimated 1,362 Missourians their benefits every week for the first six months of this year. Right now, almost 3,500 residents of Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District have been cut-off from this critical lifeline. And the number continues to grow.
Earlier this week, the Senate voted 60-37 to begin consideration of a bipartisan three-month extension of unemployment insurance. This is the first step toward reinstating the vital economic assist for the 1.3 million Americans who were cut-off during the holidays.
It is now time for the House Republican leaders to let us vote. This extension is necessary not only for Missouri families, and those around the nation, but also for local economies and businesses. To say it is a disincentive to looking for work is, quite frankly, disingenuous.
Since the expiration of the Emergency Federal Unemployment Compensation program 22,619 Missourians have lost their benefits, and that number grows every day.
This averages $235.04 a week in income. These are dollars desperately needed to feed their families, pay the heating bill, and keep a roof over their heads.
We, in Congress, need to work together and focus on expanding economic opportunities for the middle class and creating jobs for all hardworking Americans. This extension needs to happen &ndash; and it needs to happen now.
FACTS ABOUT FEDERAL UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE PROGRAM:
Was signed by President George W. Bush and took effect in 2008.
Has been reauthorized several times as the economy continues to recover.
1.3 million job seekers were cut off on December 28th as the program expired.
Without an extension another 72,000 people nationwide are estimated to lose unemployment insurance every week during the first half of the year.
Is one of the most effective job creation strategies when joblessness rate is high.
Every dollar of unemployment compensation spent creates $1.52 in additional economic activity.
Last week alone the lapse in unemployment insurance cost state economies more than $400 million.
According to the Congressional Budget Office extending unemployment benefits for another year would save 200,000 jobs.
Expiration of the Emergency Unemployment Compensation will shrink GDP by .04% points in the first quarter.
Letting benefits expire won't put people back to work.
Unemployment rate is 25% higher than when the Emergency Unemployment Compensation passed in June 2008.
Millions of Americans will exhaust benefits before finding work.
WAR ON POVERTY
This week we mark the 50th Anniversary of the War on Poverty. It was declared by President Lyndon Johnson during the State of the Union address in 1964. President Johnson told Congress the richest nation on earth could not afford to leave millions of its citizens trapped in squalor, misery, and unemployment. Those words are still just as true today. We have made a lot of progress, to be sure, but this battle is not even close to being over. We have seen great progress in the last five decades with Medicare, Medicaid, Head Start, and a food stamp program. These programs have already, and will continue to, assist millions of Americans each day. But there are thousands of hardworking people in Missouri's
Fifth District, and throughout the country, who are working longer hours for less pay, and watching the number of opportunities to better their lives shrink. We have within our power the ability to stamp out poverty in this country - in this generation. It is a matter of priorities. It is ironic that the 50th Anniversary of the War on Poverty comes as we fight to restore emergency unemployment insurance for the more than 1.3 million Americans still searching for work. This is a critical lifeline that allows people to look for work while still being able to feed their families. We must pledge anew our commitment to create jobs, raise the minimum wage, and end poverty in this great nation.
I WOULD LIKE TO HEAR FROM YOU
As we start a new year, there are so many things to look forward to. Spending quality time with family, friends, and those we love is certainly at the top of the list. But there are many challenges we face as well.
I value the views and opinions of each of you, and would like to ask you to take a couple of moments to fill out the survey below. I am always looking for ways to better serve my constituents and want to hear your thoughts on legislative priorities for 2014.
Thank you for your time &ndash; and please don&rsquo;t hesitate to communicate with me by calling my office (816) 842-4545, finding me on
Facebook , or visiting my
website .
I wish you a happy and healthy New Year!
What do you think should be legislative priorities for 2014?
If you are experiencing problems with the survey in this format,
click here to view this email on your Web browser.
Creating jobs by investing in transportation and infrastructure
Extending emergency unemployment benefits for those looking for work
Supporting our farmers by passing a farm bill that assists farmers and ranchers, protects our food supply, and helps feed the hungry
Honoring our veterans by working to improve medical care and housing
Passing comprehensive immigration reform
Improving education by expanding access to college
Balance the budget with a combination of spending cuts and revenue raisers
Raise the minimum wage
Reform the tax code by cutting inefficient and unfair tax breaks
Protect the privacy of citizens
Other:
*By responding, you are agreeing to receive periodic email updates from Congressman Cleaver.
Your email address will only be used for this purpose and will not be shared with anyone.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
(660) 584-7373 (phone)
(660) 584-7227 (fax)
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
