
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!
(Click the play button above or click here
to watch Senator Collins' holiday message)
"The spirit of this season moves us to look beyond ourselves and asks
us to give generously to those in need, whether it is a loved one, a
neighbor, or a stranger. Let us hope that spirit will inspire us not
only during the holiday season, but throughout the New Year.
"Also, please join me in thinking about our brave servicemen and women
who are away from their families during the holidays as they serve our
nation. There is no better way to celebrate the season of giving than
to pay tribute to the men and women of our military and our veterans.
The freedom they make possible is a gift cherished by all of us.
"May 2014 be filled with every blessing for you and your family!"
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
Merry
Christmas and Happy Holidays!
(Click the play button above or
click
here
to watch Senator Collins' holiday message)
"The spirit of this season
moves us to look beyond ourselves and asks us to give generously to those in need, whether it is a loved
one, a neighbor, or a stranger. Let us hope that spirit will inspire us not only during the holiday season,
but throughout the New Year.
"Also, please join me in
thinking about our brave servicemen and women who are away from their families during the holidays as
they serve our nation. There is no better way to celebrate the season of giving than to pay tribute to
the men and women of our military and our veterans. The freedom they make possible is a gift cherished
by all of us.
"May 2014 be filled with
every blessing for you and your family!"
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington,
D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
