DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
You can
view this email in your browser
Capitol Update December 23, 2013
Budget eases military cuts, reforms pension system for federal workers
Today's international environment and its emerging threats require a joint force with a ground component that has the capability and the capacity to deter and compel adversaries who threaten our national security interests. Sequestration severely threatens our ability to do this.
--
Army Gen. Ray Odierno, testifying before the House Armed Services Committee on September 19, 2013 .
The arbitrary, inflexible spending cuts enacted in 2012 -- commonly referred to as sequestration -- have taken a heavy toll on our Armed Forces and eroded our military readiness.
The assessment offered by Army Gen. Ray Odierno this fall before the House Armed Services Committee was
echoed by his colleagues
at the Marines Corps, Navy, and Air Force.
So when a budget proposal came to the House floor on Dec. 12 that would replace cuts to our military with smarter spending reductions, I voted for it. The measure easily passed the House by a
332-94
margin with bipartisan support, and the bill cleared the Senate last week. The President is poised to sign the bill into law.
The budget will reduce our debt by $23 billion without increasing taxes on hard-working American families. We achieve that by keeping 92 percent of the spending reductions that have been in place under sequestration. The difference is we are going after real wasteful Washington spending.
Instead of forcing our troops to bear the brunt of arbitrary spending cuts, this budget proposal would modernize federal pensions to make sure the benefits provided to government workers are more in line with benefits earned by private-sector workers. Read my
full statement on the legislation here .
Contrary to some inaccurate reporting and commentary, this budget will not cut military pensions for veterans who are 62 or older.
Our military pension system must be strengthened so we can keep our promises to the men and women who have faithfully served our country. To do that, the budget we passed sets reasonable limits on the cost-of-living adjustments paid to younger veterans -- many of whom continue to work after leaving active duty.
In a
joint statement
issued by the Bipartisan Policy Center, several retired, senior military leaders explained why they backed this budget:
The provisions in the Bipartisan Budget Act will only slow the rate of increase in pension payments to working-age military retirees
those who are under the age of 62. It will not cut initial retirement benefit payments for anyone nor will it affect any retirees who are 62 or older. Such a change is much needed but its only a first step. Additional reforms to compensation to ensure benefits are both fair and sustainable will be essential to slow the rise of personnel costs and to ensure the military is able to make the necessary investments to maintain sufficient capability to fight and win wars.
In addition to making smarter cuts, the budget also included a provision to stop a 20 percent cut in reimbursement rates for physicians that was set to take effect in January. Slashing reimbursements to doctors who care for seniors enrolled in Medicare would have been disastrous. We now have until April to agree on a long-term solution for setting sensible payment rates for doctors so that they can continue delivering high-quality care to our seniors.
Future innovators of America
An estimated 9.2 million jobs in science, technology, engineering and math (or STEM) fields will be available during the next decade.
Several schools here in the 6th District are preparing their students to meet the demand for these high-skill careers, which often pay
above-average salaries .
The Downingtown STEM Academy recently earned the distinction as the
top-scoring public high school in Pennsylvania
on the annual Keystone exam. The school opened three years ago and has about 800 students.
Marge Rumbaugh, president of the Conrad Weiser School Board, is working to raise awareness about the need for greater access to STEM and STEAM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Math) programs, especially in rural school districts.
Last week, Rumbaugh welcomed me to Conrad Weiser in Robesonia, Berks County, and introduced me to the high school's
Smokin' Motors
robotics team. Rumbaugh's daughter, Ingrid, launched the team as part of her Girl Scout Gold Award project.
The Smokin' Motors team meets after school to build robots that compete several times each year against other scholastic robotics teams. Last December, the Smokin' Motors placed first ahead of 22 teams
at the Eastern Pennsylvania Regional Qualifying Tournament.
This year's robot can scoop up blocks, lift itself off the ground and perform other tasks. In addition to working on projects, the high school team mentors middle school students looking to develop their robot-building skills.
Stop by Daniel Boone High School after school, and you'll find students busy figuring out how to convert algae into a clean-burning fuel that could help our country eventually end its dependence on foreign oil.
Leading this effort is "The Green Team." This week I met with the team and their faculty advisors, Shannon Helzer and Sid Harwood, to learn more about their work.
The Green Team has participated in Daniel Boone's Algae Biodiesel Bioreactor Research Group (ABBRG). Over the past six years, the ABBRG and the
Green Team
have
conducted research on algae as a biofuel, constructed an algae bioreactor, grown algae, harvested the algae, extracted the algae lipid oil, and converted it to biodiesel.
The team
captured the Lexus Eco Air &amp; Climate Challenge and is now competing with 13 other teams from across the country for the Lexus Eco Final Challenge title.
All of these schools have dedicated teachers committed to giving their students the best opportunity to succeed and enthusiastic students eager to apply the concepts learned in the classroom in real-life situations.
As a member of the House STEM Education Caucus, I have supported providing schools with the resources to provide a world-class education and develop America's innovators of the future.
The Conrad Weiser Smokin' Motors team displays this year's tournament-winning robot, which performs multiple tasks.
Daniel Boone's "Green Team" grows algae in empty
water jugs and experiments on turning the green
slime into an alternative energy source.
Standing with America's airline workers
Your tax dollars should not be used to help a foreign-owned airline put American jobs at risk.
That's why I am pleased to be working with fellow Pennsylvania Congressman Patrick Meehan (PA-7th District) on bipartisan legislation to halt plans by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security to open a pre-clearance customs facility at the Abu Dhabi airport in the United Arab Emirates.
Last week, I joined Congressman Meehan in standing up for pilots, flight attendants, maintenance personnel and all workers in America's airline industry during a rally at Philadelphia International Airport in support of
H.R. 3488 , which would stop the Abu Dhabi facility from opening.
Read more about the event in this
Philadelphia Inquirer
article .
Earlier this year, the Department of Homeland Security announced it would create a Customs Pre-clearance facility at Abu Dhabi International Airport. A pre-clearance facility allows passengers to clear U.S. customs at their point of origin and avoid lines at domestic airports such as Philadelphia.
The only airline that currently flies between the United States and Abu Dhabi is Etihad, a state-owned and -subsidized carrier. A preclearance facility in Abu Dhabi will incentivize passengers to route themselves through Abu Dhabi on Etihad rather than routes served by U.S. airlines.
This is another example of the executive branch making unilateral decisions without considering how their actions affect jobs and the American families those jobs support.
I applaud Congressman Meehan for introducing this legislation and look forward to helping him stop this pre-clearance facility and protect American jobs.
Connect Online
Get These Updates
Forward to a Friend
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Email Me
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
202.225.4315 tel
202.225.8440 fax
CHESTER OFFICE
111 East Uwchlan Avenue
Exton, PA 19341
610.594.1415 tel
610.594.1419 fax
BERKS OFFICE
840 N. Park Road
Wyomissing, Pa. 19610
610.376.7630 tel
610.376.7633 fax
MONTGOMERY OFFICE
580 Main St. Suite #4
Trappe, PA l9426
610.409.2780 tel
610.409.7988 fax
LEBANON OFFICE
Lebanon Municipal Building, Room 110
400 South Eighth St.
Lebanon PA 17042
717.454.0462 tel
Hours: Monday and Wednesday from 9 AM - 4:30 PM
Click Here Click Here