
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
DISTRICT
CONTACT
RESOURCES
December 15, 2013
Congratulations Murphy High
School, State Champs!
In a hard-fought
game yesterday, Murphy High School won the NCHSAA 1A State Championship
against Plymouth High School with a score of 35-34. On behalf of the
11th District, congratulations to the Bulldogs!
House Votes on Budget
Deal
The House voted this week to pass the Ryan-Murray budget
deal. This agreement, reached by House and Senate Budget Committee
Chairmen Paul Ryan (R-WI) and Patty Murray (D-WA), raises 2014 spending
to just over $1 trillion, up from the previous level of $967 billion.
It includes $85 billion in deficit-reduction provisions over the next
ten years but restores $63 billion in spending that had been
previously cut through sequestration. The bill is expected to pass the Senate
next week, and the President has said he will sign it into
law.
While I supported aspects of the bill, I ultimately voted
against it because it does not address Social Security and Medicare. The
largest drivers of our debt and deficit, these programs are on a path
towards insolvency. This budget deal was a missed opportunity to fix them
and give certainty to our current and future
retirees.
Additionally, the bill called for members of our armed services to
contribute more towards their pension funds rather than making
across-the-board cuts for all federal employees. It is irresponsible to single
out those who have sacrificed for our country. As the representative for
the district with the largest percentage of retired military
personnel in North Carolina, I could not support this budget
agreement.
Gabriella Miller Kids
First Research Act Passes House
This week, the House passed H.R. 2019, the
Gabriella Miller
Kids First Research Act , to end taxpayer contributions to
national political conventions and instead use the money for research into
childrens illnesses.
This legislation is named for
10-year-old Gabriella Miller, a tireless advocate for pediatric cancer
research even before she herself was diagnosed. Less talking, more doing -
we need action, Gabriella said. In the powerful video above,
Gabriella lays out her dream of seeing an end to childhood disease and how
important it is for Congress to prioritize finding
cures.
Gabriella lost her battle with brain cancer in October, but her legacy
now lives on for countless other children and their families who face
the uncertainty of childhood illness.
The bipartisan
Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act , which I was pleased to
co-sponsor, passed the House in a vote of 295-103.
Hearing on Pastor Saeed Abedini's
Imprisonment
On Thursday, our House Foreign
Affairs Committee held a
hearing on U.S. Pastor Saeed
Abedini's imprisonment in Iran . Pastor Saeed was assured by the
Iranian Intelligence Ministry in 2009 that he could come and go freely
in Iran if he agreed to stop leading Christian house churches
an
agreement he upheld. Despite this assurance, he was arrested in September
2012 while in the country building an orphanage approved by the
Government of Iran.
Pastor Saeed experienced no due process in
his trial, even being barred from the room during one of the days of
testimony, and was convicted of undermining the national security of
Iran. Due to his Christian faith, he was sentenced to eight years in
prison. Now, Pastor Saeed has been transferred to Irans most deadly
prison. He is being held in the same ward as Irans most violent criminals
murderers and rapists. His health is quickly deteriorating, he is
covered in lice, and he has been repeatedly threatened and robbed at
knifepoint.
Our government must do everything
possible to bring Pastor Saeed, a naturalized U.S. citizen, home to his wife
and children. The United States should not be loosening sanctions on
Iran while Americans such as Pastor Saeed continue to be unjustly
imprisoned, suffer beatings, and be separated from their families. In
negotiations with Iranian leaders, the release of Pastor Saeed and other
detained Americans must be a priority.
Recently Co-Sponsored
Legislation
H.R. 1869
Bipartisan Biennial
Budgeting and Enhanced Oversight Act:
Establishes
a new biennial budgeting process for the federal government, under
which Congress would complete its budget resolution and appropriations
bills in the first year of each Congress and conduct an oversight and
review process in the second year, resulting in a more comprehensive
review of the federal governments
spending.
H.R. 2476
Supporting Emergency Responders Volunteer Efforts (SERVE)
Act:
Mends IRS code to allow a $1,000 refundable credit for
individuals who are bona fide volunteer members of firefighting and
emergency medical services organizations.
H.R.
3685
Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders
Act:
Exempts volunteer firefighters and volunteers
providing emergency medical services from the employer mandate provision of
the Affordable Care Act.
H. Res. 442
Stop
This Overreaching Presidency (STOP) Act:
Directs the House
of Representatives to bring legal action against President Obama for
his failure to uphold our nations
laws.
Washington D.C.
1516 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
phone: 2022256401
hours: M-F 9-5:00pm
Caldwell Office
2345 Morganton Blvd.
Lenoir, NC
28645
phone: 8284268701
hours: M-F 9-5:00pm
Haywood
Office
285 N. Main St.
Waynesville, NC
28786
phone: 8284526022
hours: M,W,Th,F 9-5:00pm
Henderson Office
200 N. Grove Street
Suite 90
Hendersonville, NC 28792
phone: 8286935660
hours: M-F 9-5:00pm
Mitchell
Office
11 Crystal Street
Spruce Pine, NC 28777
phone: 8287650573
hours: M,T,W,F 9-5:00pm
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
