
Mail begin
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND
LEGISLATION
December 08, 2013
Lynns Weekly Update
Remembering Mandela; Jobs &amp; Economy; Iran
Update; School Nutrition; Intern Seminar; U.S. Service Academy
Nominees
Save the Date:
Join me for Topeka
Open Office Hours on Wednesday, December 18 at 10:30 a.m. You can
find more information at
www.lynnjenkins.house.gov .
Remembering Nelson Mandela
Nelson
Mandela passed away on Thursday at the age of 95. Not only was Mandela
an incredible leader for South Africa, he was an exemplar for the
rest of the world. Millions have been inspired by his courageous work for
peace and human dignity. It is my hope that millions more will
continue to learn from Mandelas perseverance and commitment to the cause of
freedom.
Focusing on Jobs and the
Economy
Fridays jobs report included some rare good news, but there
are still millions of people unemployed. If job growth continues at
this pace, it will take another
19 months to get the
unemployment rate down
from 7 percent to 6 percent.
If you
look at who is working and who is not, this is the worst economy since
the late 1970s. American families are struggling because of the
uncertainty in Washington, the uncertainty over a broken health care law, a
broken tax code, stagnant job growth, and more broken promises from
this administration. Washington must start working together to increase
take-home pay for our hardworking families and bring back some
economic security for them.
On Tuesday, I joined my colleagues in
House leadership to discuss the continued focus on the need for
solutions that will put people back to work and spur economic growth. There
are nearly 150 House bills awaiting action in the Senate, and dozens of
those are bills aimed at helping small businesses create jobs. You
can
watch my remarks here .
Iran Update
Last month, as critical
negotiations were ongoing in Geneva about Irans nuclear capabilities, the
Supreme Leader of Iran took to social media to make some disturbing
claims about Israel and the United States. At one point, he stated the
United States and Israel are a threat to the world, and enemies that
should be resisted.
The Iranian regime has ignored
diplomatic efforts for years and cannot be trusted. Although an interim deal
might seem like good news, it does not make our nation or our allies
in the Middle East safer. I encourage our leaders and international
partners to take the necessary measures to halt Irans nuclear program,
not only for our own security, but that of our allies and democracies
around the entire world.
On Wednesday, I gave remarks about
this issue on the House Floor. You can
watch them
here .
School Nutrition
Guidelines
This week, I joined 28 of my colleagues from both sides
of the aisle in sending a letter to Agriculture Secretary Vilsack
urging the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) to permanently eliminate
the grain and protein limits for meals provided at our nations
schools. Current law enacted in 2010 imposes calorie requirements, along
with grain and protein limits in school lunches, making it a challenge
to feed kids food they will eat and will keep them full. As a mom of a
college athlete, I know how much food growing kids need, and I hope
Secretary Vilsack will agree that meals are best planned by local school
officials and their communities. In addition to the letter, I have
also cosponsored H.R. 1303, the
School Nutrition
Flexibility Act .
4 th
Intern Seminar in
Washington
Thanks to Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy
(CA-23) for speaking to our Fall interns on Tuesday! The Whip discussed
everything from how he became the Majority Whip in the U.S. House of
Representatives, to how you should always be learning more, to putting
enthusiasm into everything you care about, and how to take a great
Instagram with Beyonce!
I organize these events to encourage
college-age students to stay engaged in the process. This year we have spoken
to more than 800 interns working in Washington, D.C. It has been an
amazing experience for me to meet such eager and outstanding young
people, and I hope they stay engaged with public policy. I cannot
thank them enough for all their hard work in our offices and wish them
the very best for their bright future.
Announcing This
Years U.S. Service Academy Nominees
This week, I
announced the names of the individuals from Kansas Second Congressional
District who received my nomination for appointment to the U.S.
Service Academies. The U.S. Service Academies offer students the academic
and professional training essential to serve our nation, and the
principles necessary to excel while serving our great country. These nominees
represent some of the best and brightest young Kansans, and I am
proud to nominate them for this prestigious opportunity. I wish them all
the best as they pursue their education. You can view the full list of
this years nominees on
my website . They will
now go on to compete for selection to the class of
2018.
What
do you think should be Congress' top priority right now? Passing a budget Addressing ObamaCare's
problems Getting a Farm Bill
done Reforming the tax
code Other
If you answered
"Other" above, please explain below. *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
Washington, DC
Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax:
(620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS 66606
Phone:
(785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785)
234-5967
Independence Office
120 N. 6th
Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
