
The Rigell Report:
A Message From Congressman Rigell's Communications Director Kim Mosser Knapp
Dear Friend,
Last week we learned that two U.S. Navy personnel died and the search for another crew member had been called off following a Navy helicopter crash off the coast of Virginia.
Our hearts are broken for the families of these fine young sailors, and our entire team extends our sincere condolences to the families who lost loved ones.
On Friday Congressman Rigell released the following statement:
As Representative to the district with the highest concentration of men and women in uniform, I am often reminded of the profound sacrifice paid by so many in defense of our freedom
both at home and overseas. Teri and I join a grieving community and share the burden that has fallen on our friends and neighbors in Hampton Roads.
With reverence and heavy hearts we extend our deepest sympathies, prayers, and heartfelt condolences to the families of those whose lives were lost, and pay respectful tribute to their loved ones. We ask that God may comfort their families and friends in the days and weeks that lie ahead.
We continue to pray for the full and speedy recovery of the service member who remains in care at a local medical facility.
***
Turns out this Affordable Care isnt so affordable
We continue to hear from friends and neighbors experiencing cost increases and coverage changes resulting from the (Un)Affordable Care Act; one of those stories is below.
Have you been affected by the health care law?
Please share your experience with us by clicking this
link .
And read about the health care plan Congressman Rigell supports
here .
From Peter in Virginia Beach:
Im (currently) uninsured with a preexisting condition and was laid off just before Thanksgiving. I am able to get my $4,000 per month medication through a pharmaceutical company because Im uninsured and poor.
My wife (who works) is losing the policy that she and my children are on now because of the ACA. We went to inquire about policies for our family and what we got was shocking and disappointing. Although I can now get insurance, my deductible will be $8,000 to $9,000 per year!
Which means I can no longer take my meds.
My son has the same medical condition but on different medicine; his medicine is around $500 a month
but currently our prescription cost for him is around $150 a month
which is already a stretch for us.
Right now, if we left things alone, yes Id be uninsured, but my son could take his meds.
Last week Congressman Rigell voted to provide oversight and protection of personally identifiable information disclosed on state and federal health insurance exchanges that were established under the Affordable Care Act (ACA). The Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act of 2014 (H.R. 3811), which Rigell co-sponsored, requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to notify individuals no later than two business days after discovery of any breach of security of any system where their personal information has been unlawfully accessed or stolen through the state and federal exchanges.
***
Were so pleased to introduce this new format to the Rigell Report. Like it? Have suggestions for improvements?
Tell us !
Helpful Resources
Watch live floor proceedings in the House of Representatives (when in session)
Find out what happened on the House floor today
Find out what's coming up in the House of Representatives
Learn about the legislative process
Just released; 2014 House Legislative Calendar (113th Congress, Second Session)
Your Congressman in the News
Hear Congressman Rigell talk to
WHROs Cathy Lewis
about the news of the week.
Earlier this month, Congressman Rigell was invited to speak at a very special graduation ceremony.
Listen to
Congressman Rigell's House floor speech about Ron Miller, an Excelsior graduate who completed his degree from a long term care facility where he is being treated for advanced ALS.
Local Highlights
You Should Go!
The Mariners' Museum in Newport News:
If you know Congressman Rigell, you know he loves all things maritime.
Head to the Mariners Museum in Newport News to explore over 90,000 square feet of gallery space with rare figureheads, handcrafted ship models, maritime artifacts, paintings, and much more.
Congressman Rigell is
fighting to preserve our rich maritime history
even in the face of historic budget challenges.
Mariners' Museum Website
Quote Worthy:
Ron Miller, Resident, VA-02 and recent Excelsior College Graduate:
I may have ALS, but ALS does not have me.
THATS a winning attitude!
Thank you Ron, for inspiring all of us.
Watch
Congressman Rigells speech from the House floor about ALS patient Ron Millers recent graduation ceremony!
WEBSITE
|
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here