
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
January 03, 2014
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Newsroom
|
Our District
|
Constituent Services
|
Visit DC
|
Contact
Tim
In This Week's
Edition of E-News ...
Wall Street Journal
Praises Murphy's
Helping Families In Mental Health Crisis
Act
Local Research
Firm Working On New Alzheimers
Treatment
Congress Debates
Federal
Unemployment
Extension
Greene County
Airport Biz Park Project Taking
Off
Wall Street
Journal
Praises Murphy's Helping Families In Mental Health Crisis
Act
Last month
Congressman Murphy unveiled his landmark mental health reform legislation, the
Helping Families In Mental Health Crisis Act
(H.R. 3717), following a
year-long investigation
into the nations broken mental health
system.
Last week, the editors of
the Wall Street
Journal
wrote in their lead editorial that Murphys legislation is an
informed attempt to overhaul a broken system that might even prevent
the next Newtown.
Praise and
support from
parents , the nations leading
mental health professionals , and newspaper
editorial boards
is quickly pouring in from across the
country for the
Helping Families In Mental Health Crisis
Act
(H.R. 3717). Read the
Journal
editorial:
A Mental-Health
Overhaul
A Congressman
produces a set of good ideas for a difficult
problem.
A year has passed since the Newtown
massacre, and Americans this month marked the somber moment. The most
fitting tribute Congress could pay the 26 victims would be to return
in January to take up Pennsylvania Representative Tim Murphy's
thoughtful overhaul of federal mental-health
policies.
Severe mental illness is the common link among the
recent mass shootings, and for decades the political class has ignored
the systemic dysfunction in a mental-health system that fails the
sickest. Getting to the root of this problem is hard, which is why
Congress defaults either to spending more money or brawling over gun
control.
Mr. Murphy, a psychologist,
has spent the year since Sandy Hook studying the problem. His House
Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations has dug
into federal policies, and his reform is aimed at helping the next
Adam Lanza before he strikes.
The feds spend a stunning $125 billion a year on "mental health" via
programs ranging from Medicaid to the Social Security Administration.
Yet the Murphy committee discovered that most of this cash goes to vague
and ineffective services rarely focused on treating the most serious
illnessesschizophrenia, bipolar disorder or severe depression. There
is little interagency coordination, little government data collection
on treatment outcomes, and no central effort to drive evidence-based
care.
A prime example is the
Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration in the
Department of Health and Human Services. Samhsa every year pushes $460
million in block grants to community mental-health centers. The agency is a
fan of "patient driven recovery," which allows the mentally ill to
craft their own treatments and stresses "hope" and "empowerment." Samhsa
has little or no focus on medically driven care, and of its 537
full-time employees only two are physicians.
The Murphy bill would reorient all of this and create a new
HHS assistant secretary for mental health and substance-abuse
disorders who would lead federal mental-illness efforts. The secretary would
have to be a medical professional and would be responsible for
promoting the medically oriented models of care adopted by the National
Institute of Mental Health, or NIMH.
An example: One NIMH project showed that identifying the first sign
of psychosis in an individual, and immediately treating it with
lower-dose medication, could prevent a patient from developing full-blown
schizophrenia and allow a functioning life. These are the treatments
that federal dollars need to be
supporting.
The new assistant secretary would take over the grant
process; community centers that want money will have to prove they are
meeting evidence-based standards. The new position will also be
responsible for collecting data on treatment outcomes and shifting federal
efforts based on the results.
The Murphy bill also uses grant money to push states to modernize their
mental-illness laws. Some 23 states still allow for involuntary
commitment only if a mentally ill person is an imminent danger to himself or
others. This standard is nearly impossible to meet, and even
psychotics are often able to present a brief faade of normality. Many are
unaware they're even ill and won't voluntarily get
help.
Community mental-health centers would only
receive grants if their state's commitment laws include a "need for
treatment" standard, which gives families and physicians greater ability
to get help for the mentally ill. Grants would also flow only to
centers in the 44 states that have assisted-outpatient treatment laws, in
which courts can require the mentally ill, as a condition of remaining
in a community, to receive treatment. New York's Kendra's Law has been
a model for how these outpatient treatment laws can help the most
vulnerable and save lives.
The
bill includes other pressing reforms, like removing the federal bias
against hospital psychiatric care. Medicaid currently won't reimburse for
psychiatric care in any hospital that has more than 16 psychiatric
beds. This restriction has led to the dismantling of psychiatric
hospitals, releasing the mentally ill to commit crimes and receive subpar
treatment in jails. Seventy years ago the U.S. had 600,000 inpatient
psychiatric beds for a country half its current population. Today it has
40,000.
A similar shortage of
psychiatric professionalsespecially for childrenhas meant the
average time between a first episode of psychosis and initial treatment can
be 110 weeks. The Murphy bill addresses this by advancing tools like
tele-psychiatry, which links primary physicians in underserved areas to
psychiatric professionals. Speaking of children, the law finally
fixes the federal privacy law known as HIPAA, once again allowing
mental-health professional and families to share information about loved
ones.
The Murphy legislation also
addresses one of the more destructive forces in the mental-health
system: the legal lobby. Many Americans may be shocked to know their tax
dollars are funding a small army of self-anointed "advocates" who
encourage the mentally ill to avoid treatment, and who fight parental and
court attempts to get them care. The Murphy bill stops this funding. It
also gives physicians legal safe harbor to volunteer at understaffed
mental-health centers, something many currently won't do for fear of
malpractice suits.
These
provisions may inspire the opposition of some Democrats beholden to the
trial bar and ACLU. The Obama Administration may also resist a GOP
initiative, and libertarians may oppose giving professionals more authority
to intervene with care or object to creating a new government
position.
They should think anew. The
alternative is Vice President Joe Biden's proposal to throw another
$100 million willy-nilly at a failed system. All the money in the world
won't help the mentally ill if it isn't getting to them or is
squandered on ineffective treatments. The Murphy bill is an informed attempt
to overhaul a broken system. It might even prevent the next
Newtown.
To share your thoughts on
the Helping Families In Mental Health Crisis Act (H.R. 3717),
please
click
here .
Local Research Firm Working On New Alzheimers
Treatment
Groundbreaking Alzheimers research at
Cognition Therapeutics South Side
lab
Findings from researchers at Columbia
University Medical Center published in Decembers Nature Neuroscience
reveal promise that earlier detection can result in more effective
treatments. With more than 5 million Americans nationwide diagnosed with
Alzheimers disease, one local research company is taking an
innovative approachinresearching the progressive brain
disorder.
On Thursday, Congressman Murphy met with
employees of Pittsburghs Cognition Therapeutics (CogRx). The company
was founded in 2007 by Mt. Lebanon resident Dr. Hank Safferstein and
several other scientists.
The
research team at CogRx is working towards testing therapies in clinical
trials within the next year. Dr. Safferstein and his researchers hope
that Alzheimers disease will one day be treated as a chronic disease
instead of a degenerative and fatal condition. The company has
developed two novel compounds, or small molecules, which have been shown to
stop the progression of Alzheimers
disease.
CogRxs unique research has been focused on the
discovery and development of a treatment that will target toxic proteins,
which are commonly found to be a factor in Alzheimers disease. When
these toxic proteins attack otherwise healthy cells, Alzheimers patients
experience disorientation; mood and behavior changes; confusion about
events, time and place; and even difficulties speaking, swallowing,
and walking.
To further
advance cognitive disease research, Rep. Murphy introduced landmark
legislation titled the Helping Families In Mental Health Crisis Act (H.R.
3717). In addition to fixing problems in the nations mental health
system, the bill authorizes the National Institutes of Health to map the
brains circuitry based on the human genome project. Known as the Brain
Research through Advancing Innovative Neurotechnologies or BRAIN
Initiative, the NIH would map every neuron in the human brain, helping to
advance new treatments for conditions from Alzheimers to mental
illness.
To share your thoughts
on Alzheimers Disease, please
click
here .
Congress Debates Federal
Unemployment
Extension
When the economy was in
a downward spiral in 2008, a temporary program was established
allowing individuals to receive emergency federal unemployment insurance
compensation after they maxed out on state aid, which typically lasts for
26 weeks. Each time emergency aid was set to end, the program has
been temporarily extended.The last extension expired on December 31,
2013.
While the overall
unemployment rate is down to its lowest levels in five years, the federal
stopgap unemployment benefits program is being considered for another
extension. Unemployment compensation has historically been a
state-based program, therefore, the sunsetting of emergency federal
unemployment compensation benefits will not impact state unemployment benefits.
But with the overall national unemployment rate still at 7%, Congress
is examining another federal extension.
Towards that end, next week, Majority Leader Harry Reid is
expected to reconvene the Senate and attempt to pass as emergency
spending a retroactive extension of the federal unemployment benefits
that will continue the temporary program for another year without making
cuts elsewhere to limit the cost. Speaker John Boehner has said
the House will not pass such a bill unless the benefits are offset
with spending cuts elsewhere.
Pennsylvanias unemployment is now at 7.3%, down from a high of 8.7% at
the height of the recession. As Congress begins debate on the issue,
Congressman Murphy welcomes constituent input. A full one-year
extension of the emergency federal unemployment insurance compensation would
likely be about $25 billion to federal
taxpayers.
What are your thoughts? Should Congress act to
extend 100% federally-funded unemployment benefits beyond 26 weeks?
Please
click here
to weigh
in.
Greene County
Airport Biz Park Project Taking
Off
In council chambers with Commissioner Archie
Trader
Greene County
residents came together Friday morning to celebrate progress on a new
economic development project at the countys airport business
park.
Last August, Greene County
commissioners approved a plan to lease six acres adjacent to the county airport
for commercial development, helping to put these prime properties on
the county tax rolls. The project, however, required improvements to
state route 21 to accommodate future traffic
projections.
WACTC Board members from Trinity, McGuffey, and Peters Twp
School
Districts
On Friday, Congressman Tim Murphy joined local and
state representatives at the county office building to discuss a new
federally-funded grant from the Appalachian Regional Commission to
finance those infrastructure improvements.
This is an exciting and important project that will upgrade
the airport transportation system and spur economic development, said
Congressman Tim Murphy. My congratulations to all the leaders of the
greater Greene County community who worked so hard on making this
project a reality.
The
improvements include a new access road into the business park, and turning a
three-way intersection into a seamless four-way intersection to provide
direct access to the airport. In addition to the infrastructure
improvements and new businesses at the business park, the county is
constructing a new hangar for recreational flyers at the
airport.
Greene Co Tech Center teaches latest in auto repair
technology
Later that same day, Congressman Murphy visited vo-tech schools in
Greene and Washington Counties that are teaching Southwestern
Pennsylvanias workforce skills to find employment in the natural gas sector
and other high-paying trades.
At the Greene County Career and Tech Center, area high schoolers
learn specialty skills in programs like automotive repair and welding. In
meetings and during tours with local businesses, employers have told
Congressman Murphy it can be a challenge to find highly-skilled
workers.
Murphy also visited Western
Area Career and Tech Center in Canonsburg. Last month, the school
received a new grant from a local foundation to train high school
students and eligible adults for diploma programs in natural gas-related
fields. Murphy said the key to responsible natural gas development is
training workers who live in the region, are raising their family here,
and have a vested interest in protecting the local
environment.
To share your thoughts on Greene
County development, please
click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington
Office
2332 Rayburn House Office Bldg.
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202)
225-2301
Fax: (202) 225-1844
Pittsburgh Office
504
Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA
15228
Phone: (412) 344-5583
Fax: (412) 429-5092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 850-7312
Fax: (724)
850-7315
Click Here to Email Congressman Tim Murphy
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
