
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
December 13, 2013
Senator McConnell Holds Pro-Coal Hearing in Pikeville
The Coal Country Hearing EPA Refused to Have
Since the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) refused to host a &ldquo;listening session&rdquo; in coal country, Senator McConnell held a pro-coal listening session of his own last week in eastern Kentucky before a packed house inside the Coal Building on the campus of the University of Pikeville.
Senator McConnell thanks University of Pikeville President Dr. James Hurley for his leadership and for providing the facilities to hold the hearing.
Attending the session were eastern Kentucky community leaders, small-business owners and coal-mining families.
Senator McConnell organized this session because the EPA claimed it wanted citizen input on the future carbon regulations it intends to impose on existing power plants. However, its listening sessions were only scheduled for cities like New York, Boston, Seattle, and San Francisco&mdash;cities far away from coal country.
There were 11 listening sessions in all, but the closest one to eastern Kentucky was all the way in Atlanta, Georgia&mdash;requiring Kentuckians to make a 14-hour round-trip drive to attend. Clearly, the EPA only wanted to hear applause for its efforts.
During the hearing, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t think it&rsquo;s right that the EPA would consider taking such drastic steps without listening to the people who would be most affected&mdash;Kentucky&rsquo;s coal miners, their families, and the many people throughout the state whose jobs and well-being depend on coal. And I couldn&rsquo;t think of a more fitting place than Pikeville. On numerous occasions, I asked the EPA to hold a listening session in Pikeville, but the bureaucracy has not responded to my invitation.&rdquo;
&ldquo;Since the EPA will not come to Pikeville to hear your message, I will deliver Pikeville&rsquo;s message to them. I have called today&rsquo;s session so that those in the region affected by this administration&rsquo;s War on Coal will finally have a chance to be heard, just as I personally spoke on behalf of Kentuckians at a recent EPA hearing in Washington. And following the testimony today, I plan on taking the experiences you share with me directly to the EPA, so it can hear from all of us how President Obama&rsquo;s War on Coal is negatively affecting our coal miners and economy in eastern Kentucky.&rdquo;
Attending the session in Pikeville, Kentucky were eastern Kentucky community leaders, small-business owners and coal-mining families negatively affected by the President&rsquo;s War on Coal. One of the panels included perhaps Kentucky&rsquo;s most famous coal miner and star singer and songwriter, Jimmy Rose, who has spotlighted this issue for a national audience and has made Kentucky proud.
Senator McConnell thanks Jimmy Rose for drawing attention to this plight of those affected by the War on Coal.
Senator McConnell will be taking the experiences shared by Kentuckians at the hearing to the EPA, so that the EPA can hear from coal country how President Obama&rsquo;s War on Coal is negatively affecting our coal miners and economy in eastern Kentucky. What Senator McConnell heard from the participants at the hearing is proof that eastern Kentucky doesn&rsquo;t intend to surrender in this War on Coal. And Senator McConnell will ensure that eastern Kentucky&rsquo;s voice is heard.
PikeTV in Pikeville posted the video of the entire pro-coal listening session. Click
HERE
to watch.
Please share your story
HERE
with Senator McConnell about how the President&rsquo;s War on Coal is impacting you, your family, your job, or your business.
Senator McConnell Addresses Kentucky Farm Bureau
On Saturday, Senator McConnell addressed the Kentucky Farm Bureau Federation&rsquo;s 94th Annual Meeting at The Galt House in Louisville.
Speaking to hundreds of Kentuckians, McConnell spoke about the Farm Bill, Obamacare, and cutting government spending. Following the Farm Bureau&rsquo;s annual convention, Senator McConnell talked with Kentucky media about agricultural issues.
Senator McConnell: &lsquo;Obamacare is broken beyond repair&rsquo;
McConnell: "The only &lsquo;fix&rsquo; is full repeal followed by step-by-step, patient-centered reforms that drive down costs"
Millions of Americans are now facing the real-life consequences of Obamacare, including dropped coverage and higher premiums. Last week was President Obama&rsquo;s latest attempt to re-sell the American public on Obamacare by announcing the relaunch of his healthcare program's botched website. Beyond the website failure, Americans are facing Obamacare sticker shock and policy cancellations.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;Another campaign-style event won&rsquo;t solve the myriad problems facing consumers under Obamacare. Consumers didn&rsquo;t need another 20,000 pages of regulations and higher premiums and deductibles to let a 25-year old stay on his parents&rsquo; plan&mdash;and they really didn&rsquo;t need Obamacare&rsquo;s cancellation of millions of plans that people already have and like in order to provide help to those with preexisting conditions.
&ldquo;The American people have been learning about the impact Obamacare will have on individuals and families in the form of higher premiums, disrupted insurance, and lost jobs&mdash;more broken promises from the administration. And they&rsquo;re becoming increasingly aware of the fact Obamacare is broken beyond repair. The only &lsquo;fix&rsquo; is full repeal followed by step-by-step, patient-centered reforms that drive down costs and that Americans actually want.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell Highlights Comments from Kentuckians on Obamacare
Many Kentuckians have found out the hard way in recent weeks that the President&rsquo;s repeated Obamacare promise, &ldquo;if you like your health care plan, you can keep it,&rdquo; has been broken. But now we are learning the truth about another of the president&rsquo;s broken promises: his claim that &ldquo;If you like your doctor, you will be able to keep your doctor&rdquo; is proving false as well.
Last week, Senator McConnell was in Pikeville and held an Obamacare town hall at Pikeville Medical Center. Senator McConnell continues to hear from many Kentuckians regarding the impact that Obamacare is having on them, their families, and their small businesses.
On Wednesday, Senator Mitch McConnell spoke on the Senate floor regarding the negative impact Obamacare is having on Kentuckians. During his speech, Senator McConnell highlighted excerpts from letters Kentuckians have sent him expressing their anger over Obamacare and losing their policies. In Kentucky, 280,000 people have lost their policies.
Click on image below to watch Senator McConnell talk about what he&rsquo;s hearing from Kentuckians on Obamacare.
How is Obamacare affecting you, your family or small business? Click
HERE
to share your story with Senator McConnell.
Senator McConnell Honored with National Award by the Rape, Abuse and Incest National Network (RAINN)
McConnell awarded &ldquo;Crime Fighter Award&rdquo; for work to protect women from violence
Last week, Senator McConnell was awarded the
Crime Fighter Award
by the Rape, Abuse and Incest National Network (RAINN), in recognition of his work and commitment to combat sexual violence.
Senator McConnell accepts the 2013
Crime Fighter Award
from RAINN president and founder, Scott Berkowitz. Photo Credit: RAINN
Upon accepting the award, Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;I&rsquo;m deeply honored to receive this award and I thank RAINN for its support. I look forward to continuing to work with them on behalf of the Kentuckians I represent in the United States Senate. RAINN does incredibly important work by providing critical outreach to those who feel like they have nowhere else to turn. RAINN is doing far more than just assisting the victims of sexual violence. It&rsquo;s helping to turn back the tide of sexual violence and ensuring that those who perpetrate these terrible crimes are brought to justice.&rdquo;
"Sen. McConnell's partnership with RAINN has been essential on Capitol Hill. His extraordinary leadership, hard work and bipartisan efforts have led to a significant reduction in sexual violence and to safer communities in Kentucky and across America. Recently,
Sen. McConnell co-sponsored S.822, the
Justice for All Reauthorization Act . This bill renews the
Debbie Smith Act
and will help crime labs working to end the backlog of untested DNA evidence from unsolved rape cases and put rapists behind bars. Sen. McConnell also stood with us to pass the SAFER Act, which will be enormously helpful in eliminating the DNA evidence backlog. We thank Sen. McConnell for his leadership and his extraordinary efforts to enact laws that help victims of sexual violence and take predators off the streets,&rdquo; said Scott Berkowitz, RAINN president &amp; founder.
As the nation's largest anti-sexual violence organization, RAINN helps prevent sexual violence, assists victims, and ensures that rapists are brought to justice. RAINN established and operates the National Sexual Assault Hotline (800.656.HOPE and online.rainn.org) in partnership with more than 1,100 rape crisis centers across the country, including more than a dozen across Kentucky.
Click
HERE
to read a report from the
Associated Press
about Senator McConnell receiving the
Crime Fighter Award .
McConnell Honored By Lexington Company For His Work To Help Create Jobs
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell met with John &ldquo;Tom&rdquo; Jones, President of Taper Roller Bearings, in his office in the U.S. Capitol. During the meeting, Mr. Jones presented Sen. McConnell with a commemorative plaque to mark the company&rsquo;s visit to Washington D.C. to thank Senator McConnell for his work in helping Kentucky small businesses bid on new government contracts, which has the potential to help create jobs in Kentucky.
The plaque, to be displayed in the Senator&rsquo;s office, contains a bearing sample from the company that is used by the United States Army&rsquo;s M1 A1 Bradley Tank.
In June, the company asked Senator McConnell to help in overturning a Small Business Administration (SBA) class waiver that prevented it and other small businesses from bidding on Department of Defense contracts.
Senator McConnell contacted the SBA on behalf of the company and its workers to bring attention to the matter and ask for an update on the status of the waiver.
In October, SBA announced it would partially rescind the waiver, which is a victory for the company and other Kentucky small businesses.
Tom Jones thanked Senator McConnell for his efforts:
&ldquo;I express my gratefulness for your efforts on behalf of Taper Roller Bearings in helping to provide additional future contract and business growth opportunities for us.
I appreciate your service as our Senator to facilitate the partial removal of the waiver, which was critical in the effort to develop small business bearing manufacturers in both Kentucky and the United States.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell receives a commemorative plaque from Tom and Connie Jones of Taper Roller Bearings of Lexington.
Senators McConnell, Paul and Congressman Whitfield: "Paducah has a bright future ahead."
DOE selects GE-Hitachi plan for Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant Delegation expects thousands of construction jobs, hundreds of permanent jobs at new GE-Hitachi plant.
Upon the announcement that General Electric&rsquo;s (GE) request for offer (RFO) submittal was selected by the Department of Energy (DOE) at the Paducah DOE Site, Kentucky Senators Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul and Congressman Ed Whitfield (KY-01) welcomed the good news. The announcement follows the delegation&rsquo;s November 14th meeting with DOE Secretary Ernest Moniz in which they pressed for a final decision to be made. The delegation has been placing constant pressure on DOE to select a plan through DOE&rsquo;s competitive RFO process that will enable future development in Paducah.
&ldquo;When it became clear that DOE would ultimately close the Gaseous Diffusion Plant, we aggressively sought out partners with Paducah&rsquo;s long-term economic interests in mind.
Specifically, we worked to ensure the Paducah community would be the benefactor of any future development using the DOE-owned depleted uranium tails.
GE made a commitment to Paducah early on, and we are pleased that Global Laser Enrichment has been chosen to lead Paducah &ndash; our proud Atomic City &ndash; into an exciting chapter involving state-of-the-art laser enrichment technology.
&ldquo;We have been encouraged by GE&rsquo;s commitment to Paducah.
It is our understanding that GE proposes to invest over $1 billion to create a state-of-the-art laser enrichment facility at the DOE site that will create thousands of construction jobs, and hundreds of permanent jobs at a future GE facility.
From a national perspective, the proposal seeks to save the federal government money in cost reduction and revive the U.S. domestic nuclear supply chain while likely generating billions of dollars in new tax revenues for the local, state, and federal government.
&ldquo;Paducah is a proud city, and we are thrilled GE has placed its confidence in the people of Paducah to host this new state-of-the-art facility.
Paducah has a bright future ahead, and we are genuinely grateful to be a part of it.&rdquo;
Click
HERE
for a timeline of the Kentucky delegation&rsquo;s efforts on the Paducah DOE site.
Last month, Senators McConnell and Paul meet with DOE Secretary Moniz in the U.S. Capitol.
McConnell Statement on the Passing of Nelson Mandela
Senator McConnell issued the following statement regarding the passing of Former President of South Africa Nelson Mandela:
&ldquo;Elaine and I are deeply saddened by the passing of Nelson Mandela, a man whose skillful guidance of South Africa following the end of the Apartheid regime made him one of the great statesmen of our time and a global symbol of reconciliation. &lsquo;Madiba&rsquo;s&rsquo; patience through imprisonment and insistence on unity over vengeance in the delicate period in which he served stand as a permanent reminder to the world of the value of perseverance and the positive influence one good man or woman can have over the course of human affairs. The world mourns this great leader. May his passing lead to a deeper commitment to reconciliation around the world.&rdquo;
In July, Senator McConnell spoke at a ceremony held in the United States Capitol where leaders of the U.S. House and Senate honored Mandela&rsquo;s life, legacy, and values on the occasion of his 95th birthday. Click
HERE
to read Senator McConnell&rsquo;s speech.
Meeting with Kentuckians
Senator McConnell has made visits across the Commonwealth to hear from Kentuckians at health care facilities about their experiences with Obamacare and how it is impacting their families and communities. Senator McConnell has held nearly 60 hospital town hall meetings to discuss Obamacare&rsquo;s impact on Kentuckians and Kentucky businesses.
Senator McConnell stopped in Russell Springs and spoke with employees at Russell County Hospital about the impact of Obamacare.
Senator McConnell also traveled to Albany, Kentucky to discuss the impact of Obamacare with Kentuckians at Clinton County Hospital.
While in Albany, Senator McConnell visited and had lunch with the owners of Corner Stone Restaurant.
Following his Albany visit, Senator McConnell stopped in Burkesville and met with employees at Cumberland County Hospital and listened to their opinions and stories about Obamacare.
Senator McConnell also visited Elizabethtown and spoke with Hardin County leaders about Obamacare, Fort Knox, and the economy.
While in Radcliff, Senator McConnell met with employees at Cardinal Health. They discussed Obamacare, the economy, and the President&rsquo;s War on Coal.
In the Media
Click
HERE
to read the most recent op-ed Senator McConnell has penned for Kentucky newspapers:
&ldquo;Obamacare&rsquo;s Strain On Medicaid&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s op-ed printed by the
Courier-Journal
in Louisville, Kentucky:
&ldquo;Senate's 'Nuclear Option' Could Escalate War On Coal&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s op-ed posted by the
Herald-Leader
in Lexington, Kentucky:
&ldquo;Editorial Ignores Facts; New Health Law Is A Failure&rdquo;
Senator McConnell joined Greg Dunker with WKYX- Radio in Paducah to talk about the good news of DOE accepting GE's reuse offer for the Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant.
Click
HERE
to listen to the interview.
Senator McConnell appeared on FOX News Channel&rsquo;s &ldquo;On The Record&rdquo; with Greta Van Susteren. Senator McConnell spoke about Obamacare and said that it &ldquo;is beyond fixing. It needs to be pulled out root and branch, and we need to start over with a much more targeted effort to deal with the cost.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view Senator McConnell&rsquo;s &lsquo;On The Record&rsquo; interview.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation's capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
