
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
RECENT
NEWS
|
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
|
LEGISLATIVE WORK
|
CONTACT ANNA
|
NOT A
SUBSCRIBER?
Dear Friends,
This week, the
U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate passed legislation by
bipartisan votes to fund the government through September 30, 2014.
This is a hopeful sign because it represents a break from the recent past
of a dysfunctional Congress, lurching from one manufactured crisis to
another. As you know all too well, the rampant dysfunction culminated
in a 16-day government shutdown in October of last year, taking an
estimated $24 billion out of the U.S. economy.
This
legislation sets our country on a fiscally responsible path forward. While I
dont agree with every aspect of the bill, I voted for it because its
the responsibility of Congress to fund the government within the
parameters of our budget. The bill now goes to the President to be signed
into law.
The bipartisan legislation eliminates most of the
harmful sequester cuts for the remainder of this fiscal year and boosts
spending in critical sectors of our economy, including scientific
research and renewable energy. The funding measure also carries forward
the implementation of health care reform and restores the 57,000 slots
in Head Start that were eliminated by sequestration. A complete
summary of the funding measures in the bill can be found
here .
I did everything I could to get the extension of
emergency unemployment benefits, which expired late last year, included
in this government funding bill, but the Republican majority in the
House blocked the effort. Millions of families, including thousands in
our congressional district, rely on unemployment insurance when they
are laid off or are in between jobs. This is shortsighted policy, and,
according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, 200,000 more
jobs will be lost if unemployment insurance is not
extended.
Article I of the Constitution gives Congress the exclusive power and
responsibility to fund the government and, in the process, set
priorities for our country. For three years Congress has abdicated this
responsibility by simply passing continuing resolutions to keep the
government open at outdated funding levels. Today, Im proud to report that
I voted for what I hope is the beginning of a sensible chapter in
Congressional conduct, and hopefully the end of congressional
dysfunction.
Should you have any questions or comments, let me hear
from you.
Sincerely,
Anna G.
Eshoo
Member of Congress
By
passing a longer term government funding bill, has Congress moved past its
dysfunctional ways? Yes No *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here.
Tell a Friend
Spread the
word:
forward this email to a
friend.
DISTRICT
OFFICE
698 Emerson Street
Palo Alto, California 94301
(650) 323-2984
(408)
245-2339
(831) 335-2020
(650) 323-3498 fax
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
241 Cannon Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
(202) 225-8104
(202) 225-8890 fax
WEB SITE
eshoo.house.gov
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
