
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
December 09, 2013
House Continues Focus on
Economic Growth
I spoke on the House floor last week to
urge my House colleagues to focus on growing the economy. The American
people are still most concerned with job opportunities and economic
growth. They're concerned about their checkbooks and family budgets as
the winter months and holiday seasons
arrive.
We see that all too often Washington, DC makes it harder
on the economy and the American people, not easier. The House must
remain committed to focusing on job creation, economic prosperity and
opportunities for all Americans to
succeed.
Click
here ,
or on the image above, to listen to my full remarks
from the House floor last week.
The House passed two bills last
week that would help provide needed tools and flexibility to American
small businesses; the
Small
Business Capital Access and Job Preservation Act
and the
Innovation
Act .
You can read more about each bill by clicking on the
bill name.
Important Health Care
Dates
With the continued implementation of the Affordable
Care Act, there has been a lot of confusion about what deadlines are
approaching and different guildelines for specific groups and
categories. Please review the information below to make sure you understand
what you need to
know.
October 1, 2013
March 31, 2014
Open Enrollment
Period
Dec. 23, 2013
-
If you want your health insurance to go into effect in January, you
must enroll by Dec. 23. That means you have one more week to shop for
health insurance if you havent already done so. And, recent reports
indicate that it would be wise to follow up with your insurance company
to confirm that you are actually signed up for the plan that you think
you
are.
January 1, 2014
Insurance coverage begins for plans purchased on
the health exchange before the December 23
deadline.
March 31, 2014
- The
end of open enrollment on the exchanges. After this date, you can only
enroll in the exchange's insurance if you have a so-called qualifying
life event, such as losing your job, having a child or getting
divorced. In addition, you may be subject to a financial
penalty.
November 1, 2014
Small
Business Health Options Program, or SHOP, is the exchange for small
businesses. In November, President Obama chose to delay the online SHOP
exchange for one year. Under the new rules, employers with 50 or
fewer full-time equivalent (FTE) employees will have to wait until next
fall to sign up online for SHOP plans that will go into effect in
January 2015.
January 1, 2015
The Employer Mandate goes into effect. Earlier
this year, President Obama decided to delay the employer mandate to
purchase insurance for one full year. Therefore, under the new
regulations, employers with 50 or more full-time employees have until January 1,
2015 to comply with the law.
Mission
Trail Receives Blue Ribbon School Award
I had the
privilege of joining in the excitement and celebration at Mission Trail
Elementary School as the Bulldogs celebrated their 2013 National
Blue Ribbon Award as an Exemplary High Performing school. The diligence
of students, teachers, administration, parents, and the community as a
whole contributes to this great achievement. Mission Trail Elementary
School truly is a model to be upheld for education throughout our
nation.
Congratulations to
Dr. Tom Trigg, superintendent of the Blue Valley School District, and
Mrs. Debbie Bond, Principal of Mission Trail Elementary School, for
this tremendous accomplishment, as well as all the student body
leaders.
2013 Congressional Award
Presentation
It was a privilege to present the
Congressional Award Silver and Bronze Medals to Elizabeth Brooks of Shawnee
and the Silver Medal to the family of Allison Ens of Olathe. Both
Elizabeth and Allison have demonstrated character building, fostered
community service, personal development and citizenship through public
service, physical fitness and exploration. The
Congressional Award
is a public private
partnership created by Congress to promote and recognize achievement,
initiative and service in Americas
youth.
Congratulations to Elizabeth and her
parents.
Congratulations to Allison Ens -
represented by her mother Kimberly and brother
Andrew.
Greater Kansas City Chamber Annual Dinner
I
recently attended the Greater Kansas City Chamber of Commerce Annual
Dinner where I visited with several business and community leaders.
Chambers of Commerce do so much to help local businesses thrive and grow.
Thank you to all the local job creators who own and operate a business
in our communities.
Thank you to outgoing Chairman Russ Welch for his leadership at the
Chamber, and best of luck to incoming Chairwoman Roshann Parris. Also
included in this picture are (from left to right) Donald Hall, CEO
Hallmark, Jim Heeter, CEO Greater KC Chamber, Rep. Emanuel Cleaver II
(D-Mo.), and Mike Sanders, Jackson County Missouri
Executive.
ANDA Save-A-Lot Grand
Opening
Congratulations to the Argentine Neighborhood Development Association on the
grand opening of the new Save-A-Lot grocery store near the 18th Street
Expressway and Metropolitan Avenue in KCK. This new store increases
access to healthy food options for residents of the Argentine community
and will provide jobs and economic benefits for the
neighborhood.
Thank you to Unified Government
Commissioner Ann Murguia for her dedication and leadership on this
project.
New Birth Company in Overland Park
I enjoyed the
opportunity to meet with Cathy Gordon and Kendra Wyatt, co-founders
of the New Birth Company in Overland Park. This free-standing birth
center provides midwifery care for birth, pregnancy and well women. The
New Birth Company is one of three state licensed birth centers in
Kansas that provides a natural childbirth option for women and their
families.
As we recently celebrated
Global Entrepreneurship Week, it is great to see yet another example
of a successful company that was created to meet the health care needs
of women and babies right here in Kansas
City .
Mid-American
Chapter of the National Multiple Sclerosis Society
It was
nice to meet with Susan Engle, Vice President of Programs, and other
members of the Mid-American Chapter of the National Multiple Sclerosis
Society at my office in Overland Park. I strongly support the
National Institutes of Health in their efforts to develop new treatments and
a potential cure for this unpredictable, disabling
disease.
I appreciate the efforts of our local
advocates who are working to raise awareness and improve the lives of
those afflicted with MS.
Pearl Harbor Anniversary
On Saturday, December 7th,
we observed the
72nd Anniversary of
the bombing of Pearl
Harbor .
Thank you to all members of the Greatest Generation for your acts of
heroism that day in Hawaii, and your service and sacrifice for your
country.
Sporting Kansas City Wins 2nd MLS
Cup
The entire Kansas 3rd Congressional District sends a big
congratulations to the
Sporting
Kansas City
organization.
Sporting KC won the MLS Cup
on Saturday in an
exciting match against Real Salt
Lake.
Sporting KC won
their second MLS Cup in a remarkable and record-setting 10 round penalty
kick shootout. I was even able to get a picture with the MLS Cup.
Congratulations Sporting KC.
Honoring Nelson
Mandela
Our thoughts and prayers are with the family of Nelson
Mandela, who passed away late last week. He was a great leader who
worked for peace, justice and equality, and his legacy will live on for
ages.
Upcoming Staff Community Office
Hours
My staff can assist you from 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Monday
through Friday in my Overland Park office. They can help with any issues
or concerns, as well as to provide assistance with federal agencies
and programs including, Veterans' Affairs, Medicare, Social Security,
Passports, and Visas.
My staff also
holds Community Staff Office Hours throughout the district. If you
are unable to visit my office, please consider coming to the following
location if it is more convenient for
you:
Tuesday, January 28th
DeSoto
Fire Station
in the Public Meeting
Space
33150 W. 83rd Street
DeSoto
4:00-5:00
p.m.
Vote From Last Week
Click on
the specific bill number or the vote count to read more
information.
H.R. 1105
-
Amending the Investment Advisers
Act of 1940 to provide a registration exemption for private equity fund
advisers. I voted " Yes " on this bill, and it
passed
254159 .
H.R. 3309
- Amending title 35, United
States Code, and the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to make
improvements and technical corrections. I voted " Yes " on this
bill, and it passed
325-91 .
H.R. 3547
-
Extending
the application of certain space launch liability provisions through
2014. I voted " Yes " on this bill, and it passed
3765 .
H.R. 2719
-
Requiring the Transportation Security
Administration to implement best practices and improve transparency
with regard to technology acquisition programs. I voted
" Yes " on this bill, and it passed
4160 .
H.R. 1204
-
Amending title 49, United States Code, to direct the Assistant
Secretary of Homeland Security (Transportation Security Administration) to
establish an Aviation Security Advisory Committee. I voted
" Yes " on this bill, and it passed
4113 .
H.R. 3588
-
Amending the Safe Drinking Water Act to exempt fire
hydrants from the prohibition on the use of lead pipes, fittings,
fixtures, solder, and flux. I voted " Yes " on this bill, and
it passed
3840 .
H.R. 255
-
Amending
certain definitions contained in the Provo River Project Transfer Act for
purposes of clarifying certain property descriptions. I voted
" Yes " on this bill, and it passed
4060 .
H.R. 3626 -
Extending the
Undetectable Firearms Act of 1988 for 10 years.
This bill passed
by a voice vote .
Washington, DC
215 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours:
Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park, KS
66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours:
Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 