
Web Site
|
About Tom
|
Issues
|
Serving You
|
Media
|
Contact
Dear Neighbor,
This week the House approved a consolidated appropriations package for fiscal year 2014 that is successful toward our goal of lowering Washington spending. The bill saves taxpayers $21 billion over last year&rsquo;s spending level and contributes to what is now $165 billion in savings in discretionary spending since fiscal year 2010 &ndash; a downward trend in Washington spending we need to see continue.
The bill is about priorities: reducing spending while standing strong for our priorities that we fought for.
We were successful in efforts to prioritize programs proven effective and efficient, programs like
home heating assistance for New Yorkers ,
FAA funding for the Ithaca airport&rsquo;s contract tower
and increased funding for the National Institutes of Health. Taxpayers deserve to see a direct return on their investments - it is only right and fair these priorities are funded appropriately.
The work does not end here and we will continue to fight everyday against wasteful DC spending and Washington bureaucracy that costs taxpayers their hard-earned dollars without any real results.
There's too much waste down in Washington and Americans deserve better - the next generation deserves better.
Reed: Disabled Vets Will Get Full Pension Under House Plan
Following our efforts on legislation to provide a fix for military retirees, I was pleased that the House appropriations bill contained the fix for disabled veterans &ndash; ensuring medically retired armed forces personnel and survivor benefit plan recipients receive their full pensions. It is fair and right that our disabled veterans &ndash; those who gave so much for our country &ndash; should not see a reduction in benefits.
West Valley Demonstration Project to Get Increased Federal Funding
The House-passed appropriations bill includes a bump in funding for environmental cleanup, including the West Valley Demonstration Project. The nuclear cleanup site in Cattaraugus County is slated to receive approximately $64 million to continue its efforts, an increase of more than $2 million from last year&rsquo;s levels. The additional support is good for the safety of the community, the care of the environment and taxpayers who would otherwise see added costs in future years. Click
here
to hear what a member of the West Valley Citizen Task Force has to say about the increased funding.
Reed&rsquo;s Manufacturing Initiative Promoted by President
A bill I introduced over the summer, the
Revitalize American Manufacturing and Innovation Act
(RAMI) was highlighted by the President this week as a vehicle for job creation and substantial manufacturing job growth among American Manufacturers.
"In July 2013, Senators Brown (D-OH) and Blunt (R-MO) and Congressmen Reed (R-NY) and Kennedy (D-MA) co-sponsored bipartisan legislation in both the Senate and House that would create a network for manufacturing innovation led by the Department of Commerce consistent with the President&rsquo;s vision, helping the United States to take advantage of this unique opportunity to accelerate growth and innovation in domestic production and create the foundation for well-paying jobs that strengthen the middle class.&rdquo;
The release went on to pledge the President&rsquo;s support for our bill. It&rsquo;s extremely encouraging that the President chose to promote our initiative as a game-changer for boosting job creation in American manufacturing.
You can view the entire White House announcement
here .
Tom Reed to Hold Town Hall Meetings January 21st, 22nd, 23rd
We&rsquo;ll be in Cattaraugus, Chautauqua and Tioga counties next week for a series of town hall meetings. For a complete list of all of our town halls and for upcoming information on February town halls, click
here .
Tuesday, Jan. 21st, 5:30pm
James Prendergast Library,
509 Cherry St, Jamestown
Wednesday, Jan. 22nd, 5:30pm
Franklinville Town Hall,
11 Park Square, Franklinville
Thursday, Jan. 23rd, 6:00pm
Newark Valley Village Hall,
9 Park St, Newark Valley
Visit our
website
and
Facebook
for more on district events in the upcoming week including a meeting with veterans, a school visit, event with seniors and our
town halls .
Best,
Tom
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington, DC
1504 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-3161
Corning
89 W. Market St
Corning, NY 14830
(607) 654-7566
Olean
One Bluebird Square
Olean, NY 14760
(716)379-8434
Geneva
433 Exchange St
Geneva, NY 14456
(315)759-5229
Jamestown
2 East 2nd St Suite 300
Jamestown, NY 14701
(716) 708-6369
Ithaca
401 E. State St. Suite 304-1
Ithaca, NY 14850
(607) 222-2027
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe
