
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
December 15, 2013
Dear Friend,
I hope you and your family are
enjoying a safe and happy holiday season.
In the House this week,
we passed H.R. 2019, the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act,
which eliminates the Presidential Election Campaign Fund and redirects
funding to the Pediatric Research Initiative. I am a proud cosponsor of
this act, which will help expedite important breakthroughs in cancer,
autism and other rare diseases. This bill is fully-funded and will not
cost taxpayers anything.
Recently, PolitiFact named Obamas
political pitch, "If you like your health plan, you can keep it," as
the
Lie of the Year.
The Lie
of the Year is awarded after approximately 4 million cancelation
letters were sent to Americans across the countrymany of which were
unfortunately received by constituents like you.
This week, I had
the opportunity to question HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius during the
House Energy &amp; Commerce Committee Hearing. I asked Secretary
Sebelius about one of Obamas many broken promises specifically the
promise where Obama stated over and over, "If you like your doctor, you can
keep your doctor." You can find links to the video where I question
Secretary Sebelius, and you can also hear an interview I gave following
the committee hearing below.
During this holiday season, I
ask that you keep in mind the many heroes serving in our armed forces.
Many of these service members are unable to be with their families
during this special time of year. While these families are always in need
of our prayers and support, prayers are especially needed during the
holidays. I hope that you will take a few moments to reflect upon
their service and sacrifice to our great country.
On Thursday,
some members of my district staff joined local veterans groups, Gold
Star Wives and others, in a grand "send-off" for the families traveling
from Fayetteville to Dallas on the Snowball Express. Below, you will
find photos and more information about the annual trip, which is now in
its eighth year.
Additionally, this week the House of
Representatives voted on the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013. This two-year
budget agreement provides certainty and stability to businesses and
families across our country and, most importantly, prevents another
government shutdown in January. The Bipartisan Budget Act puts financial
spending back in the hands of Congress, as required in the Constitution
and prevents the president from continuing his reckless and arbitrary
spending. My full statement can be found below in the
newsletter.
Please contact my office with any concerns or questions you have
we are here to serve you!
Ellmers
Statement on the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013
"Last
night, I voted for an important first step in producing a sound budget
that will fund the government over the next two years and restore
economic certainty to our country over time. This budget restores the
ability for Congress to control the purse strings. By operating without a
budget for the past several years, the government has been funded
through continuing resolutions, allowing the White House to direct funding
to all sorts of unnecessary programs. Democrats will now be held to
task and forced to show where their true priorities lie when they vote
to allocate your money to ineffective and wasteful programs. Instead of
governing from crisis to crisis, we can now focus on changing the way
Washington functions and promote conservative policies that will have
the greatest impact over many years, rather than holding the American
economy hostage every few months."
"As I have said
all along, I came to Washington to shut down Obamacare, not the
federal government. That was the only other alternative in last night's
vote. We now have the ability to continue pressing the Obama
administration to answer for their systematic failures and broken promises to the
American people. This is where the American people are facing an
immediate danger, and I will not deviate from my focus on this issue until
this law is repealed and the Obama administration is held accountable
for their actions."
Why did the president tell us we
could keep our doctors?
On
Wednesday, HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius returned to the Energy and
Commerce Health Subcommittee hearing to answer questions about Obamacare
and the problems that continue to plague the law's
implementation.
I asked Secretary Sebelius about the president's promise that "if
you like your doctor you can keep your doctor."
Click
here
or on the image above to see Secretary Sebelius respond to my
questions.
I appeared on "America's News HQ"
on Fox News Channel following the Committee Hearing to talk about
Obamacare and Sebelius testimony.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch the interview.
"Stop
talking and start doing"
In one of her last interviews, Gabriella Miller said,
"Stop talking, start doing. We need action." This week, the House
passed the bipartisan Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act in a
295-103 vote.
I released the following statement after passage of
the Kids First Act, which I was proud to co-sponsor:
This
afternoon, we passed a major piece of legislation that will have a
real and immediate impact on children across the country. Cancer is a
devastating disease, but when it affects children, our worst horrors
become a reality. This bill will provide vital funding for the National
Institute of Health (NIH) to conduct targeted and coordinated pediatric
medical research. This research has the real promise of expediting
important breakthroughs in cancer, autism and other rare disease research
while also providing new techniques that could benefit the lives of
children across the country. I'm proud to support this bill and will
continue to fight to make it a reality.
For more
information on this bill, and the young lady who inspired it,
watch this video
as reported by
CNN.
Snapshots from the District
-- The Snowball
Express
This week, some members of my district
staff assisted in the festive "send off" of the Snowball Express at
the Fayetteville Regional Airport.
American Airlines offers the
Snowball Express trips free of charge to children who have lost a
parent in active military duty. The trip this year is to Dallas and
includes a visit to the Fort Worth Zoo, a talent show and many other
activities.
More information
about the Snowball Express can be found in
this
Fayetteville Observer article.
A member of my staff speaks to a family
while they are waiting to board the Snowball
Express.
Veterans lined up to give kids on the Snowball Express a big send
off.
Click here
for more photos from the event.
Answer My
Survey Which of the
following Obamacare Broken Promises have affected you and your
family? If you like your
health plan, you can keep it If you like your doctor, you can keep your
doctor Families will save
an average of $2500 per year under Obamacare None of the above *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
On Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the "Like" button
on my Facebook page
today!
On Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation on Twitter.
On YouTube
Please subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you
won't miss great video from the Washington and the Second
District.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406
W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite
101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
