
December 23, 2013
Dear Fellow New Mexican,
It's been a busy year! I started off by opening
five offices
across New Mexico with staff ready to serve you. One of the most important jobs I have as your Senator is
helping you
and your family when you're having problems with federal agencies. My office helps constituents everyday with things like Social Security benefits, Medicare, immigration issues, veterans benefits, and other federal programs. During my first year in the Senate, we initiated more than 1,700 cases and held mobile office hours in numerous cities and towns at convenient locations near you. I also launched my
online office
to give you a convenient way to connect with me no matter where you are.
Over the last year, I've traveled to all corners of New Mexico and worked on important legislation impacting our state. As another busy year comes to a close, I wanted to share some of the highlights with you from 2013.
Growing New Mexico's Economy
My number one priority is not only continuing to grow our economy, but also ensuring that we create good jobs that pay workers a fair and livable wage. From making college affordable and strengthening our nation's infrastructure to growing our diverse, high-tech, innovative and clean energy industries, I remain deeply committed to strengthening New Mexico's middle class, which is central to a thriving economy.
This year, I toured some of New Mexico's economic drivers - from the
solar fields in Cimarron
and our
flagship universities
to our
national labs
and
military installations . I witnessed New Mexico's ingenuity time and time again.
I also visited the
border region
to discuss issues concerning the community. And, over the summer, the Senate showed that bipartisanship and compromise are possible by taking action to
pass an immigration bill
that would fix our broken immigration system and meet the needs of our economy.
Keeping Our Promise to Our Veterans
Answering the call of duty runs deep throughout New Mexico's history, and we have an obligation to keep America's promise to our veterans. This year I introduced the
Veterans Benefits Claims Faster Filing Act , which would help accelerate the VA disability claims process while reducing the number of backlogged claims.
I've also been working to improve the quality of care and fix chronic infrastructure problems at VA clinics in New Mexico. I was pleased to announce that the construction on the
new veterans community-based outpatient clinic in Raton
broke ground in July after a long-delayed process. I'm encouraged by the progress being made and will not rest until all of our veterans receive the benefits and care they have earned.
A Great Year for Public Lands and Conservation
Early this year, I was honored to join former Senator Jeff Bingaman in the Oval Office when President Obama designated the
Rio Grande del Norte National Monument . This marked the culmination of years of hard work to make our state's newest national monument a reality. The Rio Grande del Norte National Monument supports hundreds of new jobs, brings new tourist dollars to the area, and improves the quality of life for visitors and all who wish to pass on New Mexico's outdoor traditions to their children in such a spectacular setting.
Serving on the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, I've led an effort to
open up inaccessible public lands to hunting and fishing
and grow our outdoor recreation economy.
Most recently, Senator Tom Udall and I introduced the
Organ Mountains Desert Peaks Conservation Act , which would preserve one of Do&ntilde;a Ana County's most iconic landscapes while boosting the region's economy.
Justice and Equality for New Mexico
In February, I held a
teleconference
to discuss the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) with organizations from across New Mexico who make
VAWA
the single most effective federal effort to address domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking in New Mexico. Later, the bill passed both the Senate and the House, and the president signed it into law.
This summer the Supreme Court's
landmark decision
struck down the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA), a step toward equality for all Americans. And recently, the Senate took a historic step and passed the
Employment Non-Discrimination Act
so every employee in every state is judged not by who they are or whom they love, but the quality of their work. I was also thrilled to
applaud
the New Mexico Supreme Court for ruling that our constitution requires marriage equality for all our citizens.
As we continue to move New Mexico forward, I will keep working on these and many other issues that matter most to you and your family. It is an honor to serve you in the United States Senate.
Be well and please
keep in touch .
Sincerely,
MARTIN HEINRICH
United States Senator
Follow me on Facebook and Twitter:
To unsubscribe from this mailing list,
click here .
To continue to receive updates,
click here .