
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The
6th District
Dear Friends:
Higher Cost for Many Under
Obamacare
Despite the fact that the
Obama Administration granted a waiver to Members of Congress from
having to give up their taxpayer-subsidized healthcare plans, I decided
to follow the law and purchase a new plan through Colorados exchange.
The plan I
purchased is a PPO (preferred provider network) - just like my old
Federal Employees Health Benefit Plan (FEHBP) - and it allows me to keep my
same primary care physician.
My premium under FEHBP was $599.63
per month ($186.14 from me with a taxpayer subsidy of $413.49).
Under my new Rocky Mountain View PPO Bronze plan, my premium is
$607.06 per month.
However, like so many of my constituents, what
surprised me was not the slight increase in my premium fees, but the
drastic rise in my copayments and deductibles.
In my old plan, I had
a copayment of $20 and a deductible of $350; under my new Obamacare
plan I will have a copayment of $60 (a 200% increase), a deductible of
$4,500 (over a 1,100% increase) and I will pay an additional 40% up to
$6,350.
Obviously, there will be winners and losers under Obamacare.
The
winners will be those enrolled in Medicaid, or those who receive
significant income-based subsidies to offset the full cost of their health
insurance.
However, Im concerned about the losers under Obamacare:
the middle class families already struggling under a weak economy
that will bear the full brunt of higher healthcare
costs.
I agree that in 2010 - when
Obamacare was rammed through Congress - our healthcare system was in
desperate need of reform.
The cost of health care was simply too
high and the ability to buy affordable health insurance was out of reach
for too many families.
However, under then Speaker of the House
Nancy Pelosi, alternative healthcare reform proposals, which there
were many, were procedurally kept from coming to the floor for a
vote.
Unfortunately, I have no confidence that Obamacare will ultimately improve our
healthcare system and I will continue to support patient-centered,
market based approaches that will benefit all
Americans.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign up to receive regular email updates from
Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 17,438,338,203,466
Share on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
VAs Use of Reverse-Auction Contracts Comes Under
Attack
By Charles
S. Clark
GovExec.com
Published December 11,
2013
Th e use of so-called reverse auctions to lower
contracting costs at the Veterans Affairs Department and General Services
Administration came under tough scrutiny on Wednesday at a House
joint committee hearing.
Rather than saving money, critics said,
the tool drives out competition, favors a single auction company and
risks a lowering of quality in the work if applied to complex projects
such as construction.
Reverse auctions are a contracting process used by the
government since the late 1990s to promote competition by having the agency
buyer solicit bids from multiple sellers, in contrast to a standard
auction where a seller solicits bids from multiple buyers. GSA in July
launched a new reverse auction initiative aimed at the purchasing of
supplies, or commodities, more than complex
services.
But both a recently concluded
two-year House investigation and a just-released Government
Accountability Office report faulted the technique, noting that more than one-third
of fiscal 2012 reverse auctions had no interactive bidding, and
agencies paid $3.9 million in fees for those auctions. In March 2012,
Veterans Affairs temporarily suspended the tools use so it could study the
claimed savings for purchases of information technology products,
medical equipment and supplies.
Having worked in the industry for 30 years, I know
firsthand that small contractors are concerned that using reverse
auctions for construction places them at a competitive disadvantage, said
Rep. Richard Hanna, R-N.Y., chairman of the House Small Business
oversight subcommittee, which joined with its Veterans Affairs Committee
counterpart to hold the hearing. Washington should do more to ensure a
level competition process for small construction contractors. It should
start by prohibiting the use of reverse auctions for bidding on
construction contracts.
Rep.
Mike Coffman , R-Colo., who serves on both
the veterans and small business panels, criticized VAs use of a sole
contractor, FedBid Inc., to run the auctions. FedBids real
compensation comes from the fee -- up to 3 percent-- it adds onto the final
award price of vendor contracts, he said in a prepared statement.
Accordingly, some advocates have concluded from this arrangement that
FedBids service is free to the government. However, it is obvious that when
FedBids fee is tacked onto the final award price of a contract, the
seller is effectively passing on the fee to the
government.
Democrats largely
agreed on the need for reforms. One has to question the need for any
auction when theres only one bidder, said Rep. Grace Meng, D-N.Y. , a
member of the Small Business Subcommittee on Contracting and the
Workforce.
GAO in
testimony
said, the potential benefits of reverse
auctions -- competition and savings -- had not been maximized by the
agencies examined, which included the Army and the Homeland Security,
Interior and Veterans Affairs
departments.
Almost half of the reverse auctions were
used to obtain items from pre-existing contracts that in some cases
resulted in agencies paying two fees -- one to use the contract and one
to use the reverse auction contractor's services,
said Michelle
Mackin, GAOs director of acquisition and sourcing management. "There is a
lack of comprehensive governmentwide guidance and the Federal
Acquisition Regulation, which
does not specifically address reverse
auctions. As a result, confusion exists about their use and agencies may be
limited in their ability to maximize the potential benefits of reverse
auctions.
Several witnesses denounced the use of reverse auctions. Nigel Cary,
president of Cox Construction Co., warned against any use of the tool for
complex construction projects, and said agencies are driving out the
number of bidders on specific contracts. Reverse auctions ignore best
value, he said. Its unfortunate and misguided that each agency
learns the lesson on their own.
Louis Celli Jr., director of the legislative division
of the American Legion, said his members call reverse auctions unfair,
deceptive and fraught with cheating. They put the federal government
in a predatory position that allows agencies to accumulate savings
in a slush fund out of Congress control, he
testified.
But William Sisk, deputy
commissioner of GSAs Federal Acquisition Service, defended use of
reverse auctions to purchase supplies. GSA data indicate that 485 auctions
produced a 6.7 percent savings rate and averaged three vendors per
auction, and 85 percent of the awards went to small businesses, he said.
The Web-based platform introduced last summer has generated
considerable interest and will provide insight in possible use of such
auctions for strategic sourcing.
At Veterans Affairs, reverse auctions make up only 5
percent of contracts, but when used appropriately, save money and time,
said Jan Frye, deputy assistant secretary at the Office of
Acquisitions and Logistics. Reverse auctions were used increasingly in recent
years, and in fiscal 2012, VA used the tool in 7,587 auctions for a
volume of $305 million, with 79 percent going to small businesses, he
said.
Frye
acknowledged, however, the need for last years moratorium, saying the
department needed to crunch the numbers on the savings claimed by the
FedBid auction service. A new policy, he said, requires contracting
officers to do an independent review of the
savings.
Philip Matkovsky, assistant deputy
undersecretary for health for administrative operations at the Veterans
Health Administration, said the 3 percent fee is built into the
contractors final price, adding that the VA has not had in-house capacity to
conduct auctions. Construction awards, he said, are for local,
noncomplex projects such as roof repair and flooring, not major
design/build on a new operating room.
Solutions offered at the hearing included increased
oversight and training, and passage of H.R. 2157, which would prohibit
federal agencies from using reverse auctions to bid out construction
contracts suitable for awards to small businesses. The White House Office
of Federal Procurement Policy, GAO noted, has agreed that new guidance
is needed.
Congress still awaiting IT security answers
from VA
By Frank Konkel
FCW.com
Published December 6,
2013
A month after
responses were due to Congress from the Department of Veterans Affairs
regarding more than 100 questions on IT security practices, the House
Veterans' Affairs Committee still hasnt received satisfactory
answers.
Beginning Oct. 22, the
committee delivered a series of inquiries to VA's Office of Information
and Technology after conflicting testimony from high-level VA officials
and concerns about at least nine state-sponsored data breaches. The
lawmakers' request included questions about how VA safeguards more than
20 million veterans' personally identifiable
information.
To meet the tight deadline, VA
officials directed a small segment of the 8,000 OIT employees to answer the
inquiries while banking on additional help from VA's Office of
Inspector General.
On Nov. 8,
VA Secretary
Eric Shinseki
informed
Rep. Mike Coffman (R-Colo.), chairman of the Oversight and
Investigations Subcommittee, that he had asked the IG's office to expand its
2013 Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) audit to
include the questions. Four days later, the IG's office said it could not
do so because the audit had already been completed, and expanding its
2014 audit would require modifying its audit
contract.
Capitol Hill officials with knowledge
of the inquiries told FCW that the committee has received only one
response. Those answers and documentation came Nov. 22 from VA CIO Stephen
Warren to Coffman.
In
his response, Warren states, "VA will continue to work to provide
information that is responsive to the subcommittee's requests." He included
a general outline of VA's policies and practices regarding security
vulnerabilities and Web applications and added that VA had complied
with FISMA despite skepticism from Congress and critical reports from
oversight bodies.
In
addition, Warren countered Coffman's categorization of VA as a "compromised
environment" after it became known that multiple actors had penetrated
VA networks since March 2010.
"VA followed its established standard operating policies and
procedures to maintain system integrity," Warren said. "All known
computers possibly subject to the incidents were removed from the network
and cleaned. Usernames and passwords were reset for all suspected
affected users."
Military Rethinking Rejecting Recruits With Illegal
Immigrant Relatives
By Elliot Jager
Newsmax.com
Published December
10, 2013
The military
is re-evaluating its rule
applied unevenly among the branches
that
prevents those with close relatives who are illegal immigrants from
joining the services,
The Wall Street Journal
reported .
The policy review is expected to take two
months.
Rep. Luis Gutierrez, D-Ill.,
and Rep.
Mike Coffman , R-Colo., are in the forefront
of a bipartisan effort to have the ban formally
lifted.
"We should not be excluding
U.S. citizens from serving their country, and we should be protecting
their families from deportation while their sons and daughters and
spouses are off to war,"
Gutierrez said.
Female recruits have been asked to
divorce their illegal immigrant husbands to stay in the Marine Corps. The
Navy says security reasons are behind its policy not to recruit anyone
whose close relative is illegally in the country, according to the
Journal.
Such
dependents are not able to obtain military identification
cards.
The no-recruitment
policy has not been applied consistently. The Army and Air Force do not
systematically enforce policies that forbid enlisting individuals with
illegal dependents.
Meanwhile, the Obama administration directed that illegal
relatives of serving military personnel be granted "parole in place" and be
allowed to stay in the country while they apply for legal
residency.
The rule
applies to parents, spouses and minor children of active duty personnel as
well as veterans and reservists,
The Christian
Science Monitor reported .
Since the draft was abolished in 1973, only U.S.
citizens and legal permanent residents are allowed to join the military.
About 35,000 noncitizens currently serve, according to the
Monitor.
The services
welcome legal recruits with close family members who are not U.S. citizens
and live in their home
countries.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-7882
Fax: (202)
226-4623
District Office
Cherry Creek
Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road,
Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720) 748-7514
Fax: (720) 748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 