
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Website
News Center
Constituent Services
Issues
About the District
About Me
Contact Us
December 06, 2013
Congressman Lipinski Hosts
Veterans Fair in Oak Lawn (Tues, Dec. 10), Senior Fair in Chicagos
Mount Greenwood Park (Mon, Dec. 16)
On
Tuesday, Dec. 10, the congressman is inviting local veterans to a
Veterans Fair he will be holding at the Johnson-Phelps VFW Post 5220 in Oak
Lawn. He and his staff will be joined by the U.S. and Illinois
Departments of Veterans Affairs and other organizations to help veterans get
assistance with a variety of issues, including military personnel and
medical records, veterans claims and benefits, VA hospital billing,
placement in VA homes, GI Bill information, as well as help obtaining
medals earned but never received. Congressman Lipinski also will be
hosting a Senior Fair on Monday, Dec. 16, at Chicagos Mount Greenwood
Park. At the congressmans Senior Fairs, his staff, as well as local
agencies, organizations and businesses, are available to assist seniors
and their families with Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, veterans
benefits, the Postal Service, utility bills and other issues. Both
events are from 10 a.m. to noon. In November the congressman held Senior
Fairs in Bedford Park, Countryside, and Homer Glen. Visit
lipinski.house.gov for more information.
I continue to be impressed by the tremendous turnout at
my Senior and Veterans Fairs. Helping seniors and veterans get the
assistance and services they need and deserve is one of my top priorities
as your congressman. I look forward to seeing you at my Veterans Fair
in Oak Lawn and my Senior Fair in Mount Greenwood. If you cannot make
either event or require assistance at any time, please reach out to
any of my district offices in Chicago, Orland Park, Oak Lawn and
Lockport. It is my privilege to serve
you.
Congressman Lipinski Named Champion of
Science
The Science Coalition
made up of Americas top
research universities
presented Congressman Lipinski with its Champion
of Science Award. The award was presented by the presidents of
Northwestern University and the University of Chicago, the director of
Argonne National Laboratory, as well as a representative of the University
of Illinois. The congressman, who sits on the Science, Space, and
Technology Committee and is one of the few engineers in Congress, was
recognized for his strong commitment to funding the research that keeps the
United States and the state of Illinois at the forefront of
scientific discovery and technological innovation. Congressman Lipinski, whose
district includes Argonne, also was acknowledged for his work in
helping promote economic development and job creation by instituting
policies making it easier for researchers to turn their lab work into new
products and new jobs. A Chicago Tribune story on the congressman and
The Science Coalition can be read
HERE .
Our
world is much better today because of the investments the United States
has made in basic science research. These investments have resulted in
historic breakthroughs in how we understand the world and led to
advances in medicine and technology that have made possible new products
that have created jobs and economic development. The benefits go on and
on. Thats why I am committed to keeping the country at the forefront
of scientific research and leading the way in developing new
technologies and creating new jobs.
Honoring Heroes Lost at WWIIs Battle of
Tarawa
Congressman Lipinski was joined by active military personnel
and veterans on Nov. 22 at the Bridgeport VFW to commemorate the 70th
Anniversary of the Battle of Tarawa, the pivotal World War II battle
that claimed the lives of more than 1,100 American servicemen. The
congressman renewed his demand that the United States do everything possible
to bring home the bodies of the 564 heroes left behind. With the
congressman was Deno Zazzetti, of Crest Hill, whose brother, Joseph, is
among the 38 from Illinois still missing at Tarawa. Since Lipinski added
an amendment to a defense bill in 2010 calling on the federal
government to recover, identify and return remains of members of the Armed
Forces from Tarawa, the Defense Department has made a number of trips
to the island to begin recovery of these American
heroes.
The importance of the
Battle of Tarawa and the contributions of those who made the ultimate
sacrifice for our country cannot be overstated. The courage they
demonstrated on Tarawa will never be forgotten. But we still have unfinished
business. We make a promise to all of our military men and women to
leave no one behind. We must keep that promise at Tarawa. The men who died
70 years ago deserve to be brought back to the United States and
buried with the utmost respect and
honor.
Congressman Helps Open
Homer Township Public
Library
Congressman Lipinski was on hand for
the opening ceremony for the new Homer Township Public Library in
Homer Glen. The library this year underwent a $4.5 million renovation that
included expanding the existing facility by 10,000 square feet. The
expansion allowed the library to accommodate new computer stations,
study rooms, and community areas. Earlier this year, the congressman
helped to dedicate the Michael C. Olivieri Heroes Quiet Reading Room in
honor of the Homer Glen soldier killed in Iraq in 2011. A Homer Horizon
story on the ceremony can be read
HERE.
As a former educator and an avid reader, I am a strong supporter of
the role public libraries play in enhancing the quality of life in our
communities. The Homer Township Public Library is an impressive new
facility that certainly will be a gathering spot for residents and meet
the needs of residents today and well into the future. Congratulations
to library staff, officials, and patrons on their wonderful new
library.
Washington, D.C. Office
1717 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
P (202) 225 - 5701 |
P (866) 822 -
5701
F (202) 225 - 1012
Chicago Office
6245 South Archer Avenue
Chicago, IL 60638
P (312) 886 - 0481
F
(773) 767 - 9395
Oak Lawn Office
5309 West 95th Street
Oak Lawn, IL 60453
P (708) 424 - 0853
F (708) 424 - 1855
Lockport Office
Central Square Building
222 E. 9th Street #109
Lockport, IL 60441
P (815) 838-1990
F (815)
838-1993
Orland Park Office
Orland Park
Village Hall
14700 S. Ravinia Avenue
Orland Park, IL
60462
P (708) 403-4379
F (708) 403-5963
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
