DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | January 8, 2014
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
Happy New Year! I hope you were able to spend the holidays enjoying the company of friends and family.
I am proud that in 2013, the first year of my chairmanship, the House Foreign Affairs Committee accomplished much in a notably bipartisan manner.
We worked to strengthen the national security of the United States and our allies in a number of ways, including advancing a stringent Iran sanctions bill and conducting strong oversight of the Obama Administrations policies toward Syria, Egypt, Afghanistan, and North Korea.
Importantly, the Committee produced, and the House passed, legislation to enhance security at diplomatic facilities around the world at a time when terrorist threats are expanding.
I look forward to continued bipartisan cooperation on the important foreign policy challenges facing our nation in the coming year.
In 2014, as a senior member of the House Financial Services Committee, I am committed to implementing financial regulatory reform that moves away from
a system reliant on taxpayers, towards a free-functioning market, which accurately prices risk.
At the top of the list: restoring the appropriate role of the private sector in housing finance and ending "too big to fail" once and for all.
Additionally, I will continue to work to combat international human trafficking, including advancing legislation (H.R. 3344) cracking down on criminal syndicates involved in human trafficking and requiring overseas labor recruiters to provide detailed employment information to overseas workers. January is Human Trafficking Awareness Month and I encourage you to visit the
Orange County Human Trafficking Taskforce
to learn more about how this devastating form of modern slavery is affecting communities right here in the 39th district.
Finally, Im excited to announce that Angie Harmon will be the keynote speaker at my 6th annual Womens Conference taking place at Cal State Fullerton on Saturday, March 15th. Angie is not only an accomplished model and actress, but is also doing important work to raise awareness and fight human trafficking through her role as a UNICEF Ambassador. I look forward to hearing from Angie about her work with UNICEF to help ensure that no child has to experience the devastation of becoming a trafficking victim. RSVPs for the conference are opening soon, so make sure to save March 15th on your calendar and check
Royce.house.gov/womensconference
for updates.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for the Week of January 6, 2014
Angie Harmon to Keynote 6th Annual Women's Conference
Model, Actress and UNICEF Ambassador Angie Harmon will deliver the Keynote address at Rep. Ed Royce's 6th annual Women's Conference. The event, held in conjunction with Cal State Fullerton's (CSUF) Women and Philanthropy Network, will take place at CSUF's Titan Student Union Center on Saturday, March 15, 2014.
Harmon currently stars on TNTs Rizzoli &amp; Isles as the title character 'Jane Rizzoli'. She is best known for her starring role as Assistant District Attorney 'Abbie Carmichael' on NBCs Emmy Award-winning drama Law &amp; Order. "I look forward to hearing from Angie about her important work with UNICEF to help ensure that no child has to experience the devastation of becoming a trafficking victim," said Royce.
Read More
Royce Demands Explanation About Foreign Diplomats' Access to Taxpayer-Funded Benefits
Rep. Ed Royce (R-CA), Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, expressed serious concern about foreign diplomats receiving, and reportedly defrauding, U.S. Government-funded benefits programs. Chairman Royce expressed his concerns in a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry following reports that 25 current and former Russian diplomats and 24 of their spouses allegedly participated in a scheme to illegally obtain Medicaid benefits for prenatal care and related costs by underreporting their income or falsely claiming that their children were U.S. citizens. In the letter, Chairman Royce requested information on the situation and also asked for an explanation of which U.S. government-funded benefit programs are available to foreign diplomats, how many foreign diplomats have benefited from the program, and what this has cost U.S. taxpayers.
Read More
EVENTS
January 25, 2014:
Rep. Ed Royce will hold a "Paying for College" seminar on January 25, 2014 from 12pm - 3pm in Los Angeles County. This free workshop will help students and their families prepare, apply and pay for higher education. Rebekah Bell, whose opinion piece It's Possible to Graduate Debt-Free. Here's How appeared in the
Wall Street Journal
will be the keynote speaker.
Read More.
In Case You Missed It
The New York Post
highlighted Chairman Ed Royces recent letter to Secretary of State John Kerry demanding an explanation about foreign diplomats access to taxpayer-funded benefits. The
Post
reported that Royce, who said he was deeply troubled by reports of the $1.5 million rip-off, also asked whether various benefit agencies have checked their rolls for foreign diplomats
raising the possibility that the fraud could extend beyond Russian representatives.
Read More.
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Foreign Intrigue Blog
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here