 Mail begin
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network, you
can
view the message
online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
December 01, 2013
Lynns Weekly Update
Giving
Thanks; Supporting Rural Health Care; Visiting Miami and Linn
Counties; Another ObamaCare
Delay
Giving Thanks
I hope you all had a wonderful and safe
Thanksgiving. I am very blessed that I was able to be home with my
loved ones this week to celebrate and give thanks. As we kick-off another
busy holiday season, let us keep in mind those who are unable to be
with their families this year, especially our service men and women who
work each day to keep Americans and our freedoms safe. God bless and
thank you for your service!
Supporting Access to Rural Health
Care
This week, I am pleased to announce my bipartisan
House resolution recognizing the importance of accessible, quality
health care for rural communities,
H. Res. 356 , now has 25 cosponsors.
With more than 60
million Americans relying on rural health care providers, Congress must
recognize access to quality rural health care is crucial to the
success and prosperity of our nation. As someone who grew up in rural
Jackson County, I know first-hand how important it is to have a hospital
nearby, and the impact it can have when you are deciding where to start a
family or open a new business.
This resolution is
particularly relevant given the recent report from the Health and Human
Services Office of Inspector General (OIG) that recommends Congress pass
legislation that would ultimately eliminate the Critical Access Hospital
(CAH) designation for 72 of Kansas 83 CAHs. This proposal would be
devastating to rural Kansas and fails to recognize the unique
circumstances of delivering health care in rural America.
Read more
about H. Res. 356, including the full text of the resolution, on
my website .
Miami
and Linn County Visits
This week, I stopped in Miami
County and Linn County, continuing my
Congress to Kansas tour .
On Monday , I joined members from the
Osawatomie Rotary Club at the Whistle Stop Caf. We discussed the budget
challenges our nation is facing and the latest news from
Washington.
Later
that afternoon, I visited Jayhawk-Linn High School to speak with more
than 100 students, faculty and members from the Mound City community, and
take their questions. The topics we discussed included:
the
federal budget, agriculture issues, the President's health care law, the
economy, and how these issues impact young people and their future.
Thanks to the Jayhawks and Principal Jim Dillon for hosting me and
asking great questions.
Another ObamaCare
Delay
Adding to the long list of ObamaCare's broken promises, this week the
administration did another pre-holiday news dump by announcing another
setback in the healthcare law's implementation, a year-long delay for
online enrollment in the federally-run small-business exchanges,
called SHOP. The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) had
already delayed online SHOP enrollment a couple months ago, saying it would
be ready sometime in November, but the failures
continue.
Two months into ObamaCares disastrous roll-out, and this
past
Saturday
marked
the deadline for the administration to have
Healthcare.gov
working for only 80 percent of
users. What about the other 20 percent of users? What are they supposed
to do if they had their plans canceled because they do not meet the
new Washington-approved requirements under ObamaCare, and they cannot
even get on the website to find a new plan?
Next week, the
House Ways and Means Committee's Health Subcommittee
will
hold a hearing on the status of the law's implementation, and discuss
the current and long-term challenges Americans are faced with in
finding affordable, quality health coverage as a result of
ObamaCare.
It is clear the problems with ObamaCare extend far beyond the
website. If President Obama will not admit his healthcare law is broken,
he should at least delay this train wreck for all hardworking
Americans, instead of picking winners and losers under the
law.
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
Click Here
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Share on Facebook Share on
Twitter
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202)
225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS
66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax:
(620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
