
Unsubscribe
November 2013
In recent weeks, Sen. Levin delivered the keynote address at the christening
ceremony for the aircraft carrier USS Gerald R. Ford; wrote about his most
recent trip to Afghanistan; supported legislation in response to a deadly
meningitis outbreak; and welcomed Justice Department legal action to seek
accountability for the financial crisis.
Godspeed, USS Gerald R. Ford
In decades to come, when the crew of the USS Gerald R. Ford helps defend our nation from danger, when they protect the innocent from harm, when they
sail under freedom's flag bringing hope in times of despair and calm in moments
of crisis - at those times, they will exemplify the greatness and goodness, the
steadiness and steadfastness of their vessel's namesake, and of the nation he
loved so much and served so well. Godspeed to this ship and to the men and
women who sail her.
Read Sen. Levin's keynote speech at the christening ceremony for the USS Gerald R. Ford, America's newest aircraft carrier &raquo;
In Afghanistan, signs of progress
The American people deserve to hear that their
contributions in Afghanistan have made a tangible difference in the lives of
Afghans in a relatively short time. And we haven't just worked for the good of
the Afghan people, but for our own security. We should never forget that we
ended the safe haven from which al Qaeda attacked us on 9/11 and removed the Taliban
government that harbored Osama bin Laden and his followers.
Read
Sen. Levin's newspaper column on his latest visit to Afghanistan
&raquo;
More news from Senator Levin
Sen. Levin
opposed the use of the &quot;nuclear option&quot;
to change the Senate's rules on nominations.
He
supported passage of legislation to better regulate mass compounding pharmacies
in the wake of a meningitis outbreak caused by contamination at such a pharmacy that killed 64 Americans, including 19 in Michigan.
He
supported passage of the Employee Nondiscrimination Act as &quot;one important step forward&quot;
in America's quest for equality.
He testified at a Senate hearing about the
need to stop antitrust violations by cartels of overseas auto part manufacturers,
misconduct that harms Michigan's auto industry and U.S. consumers.
He joined 15 other senators from Great Lakes states in
calling for actions to combat Asian carp.
With Sen. Debbie Stabenow of Michigan, he welcomed an announcement by the EPA that it had completed a
project to stop water contamination in the Deer Lake area
near Ishpeming.
With Sen. Stabenow, he welcomed federal support for community health centers in
Southeast Michigan,
West Michigan
,
Saginaw
and
Northern Michigan.
He
recognized Grandville Mayor James Buck,
who is retiring after more than 40 years of public service.
He called the Justice Department's
$13 billion settlement with JPMorgan Chase
&quot;a step toward accountability for the Wall Street recklessness and greed that devastated our economy.&quot;
With Sen. John McCain of Arizona, he
called for changes to tax rules
that allow companies such as Twitter huge tax breaks when they issue stock options to their executives.
He applauded the government of the United Kingdom for steps to
combat corporate ownership secrecy,
which contributes to money laundering, tax evasion and crime, and called for passage of legislation he has authored to take similar steps in the United States.
He supported federal regulators who are
seeking to close a loophole
that would allow some trades in complex financial products to elude rules on transparency.
He said a revised rule issued by federal regulators
&quot;will help fill a big hole&quot; in consumer protections
against rising prices for food and energy that stem from speculation in commodities markets.
This newsletter is part of Sen.
Levin&rsquo;s efforts to keep constituents informed about the issues important to them.
Visit Sen. Levin&rsquo;s website
