DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
Friend -
I wanted to share with you a statement for the record I submitted on Thursday, November 21, 2013, in support of the right to free exercise of religion for our servicemembers.
I am immensely grateful for the sacrifices made by those who serve in the Armed Forces, and I remain committed to ensuring that all servicemembers remain able to practice, live, and express their faith freely.
You can read the statement below or by clicking
here .
Randy
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM IN THE MILITARY
HON. J. RANDY FORBES
OF VIRGINIA
THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Thursday, November 21, 2013
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, religious freedom is a fundamental human righta right which is guaranteed by the First Amendment. Many of Americas earliest settlers came to her shores seeking religious freedom. As individuals around the world face persecution because of their religious beliefs, America has stood as the beacon for the importance of protecting the ability to freely exercise religious beliefs without fear of intimidation, reprisal, or harm.
It is impossible to defend religious freedom for the civilian and yet deny it to the soldier. The full expression and practice of faith in the military has strong roots. General Washington oversaw the formation of a military chaplaincy in 1775 to support and sustain his men in their religious beliefs. President Franklin D. Roosevelt composed the forward to a military edition of the New Testament, in which he wrote, Throughout the centuries men of many faiths and diverse origins have found in the Sacred Book words of wisdom, counsel and inspiration. It is a fountain of strength and now, as always, an aid in attaining the highest aspirations of the human soul.
Faith permeates every aspect of a persons life; it cannot be confined to a belief that is maintained only within ones head, home, or place of worship. It is essential that our military policies and leadership respect the fact that a persons faith also informs the way in which they serve. Anything less is a disservice to their brave and noble sacrifice. It is for this reason that Congress enacted conscience protections in last years National Defense Authorization Act. However, these protections have fallen on deaf ears. President Obama called these protections ill-advised and unnecessary. Over eleven months have passed since these protections were signed into law, and the Department of Defense has yet to implement policies to enforce the conscience protections.
Furthermore, I fear there is a growing lack of understanding for the importance of preserving the integrity of the chaplaincy. A chaplains purpose is first and foremost to facilitate the free exercise rights of servicemembers and their families. They serve as an essential pillar of support, especially for those who are not able to freely access religious services and support in the way they could as civilians. Chaplains are more than counselors, honorably and indiscriminately serving all servicemembers.
The members of our Armed Forces do not leave their faith at home when they commit to serve our country, and I remain committed to ensuring they are never required to do so.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here