
January 11, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Kline's Corner: A New Year
In This Week's Kline's Corner
Safeguarding Your Privacy
Announcing the House App Contest for Students
Protecting Our Families
Safeguarding Your Privacy
Dear Friends,
As we begin the new year, Minnesotans
like you
are continuing to see their rates skyrocket or are losing their health insurance altogether because of ObamaCare. Our friends and neighbors across the 2nd district continue to share with me their concerns about being forced into government controlled health care where they can no longer keep their doctor, clinic, or hospital. As your Congressman, I am continuing to fight for you by giving this health care law the scrutiny it deserves. To that end, I voted for bipartisan legislation today that passed the U.S. House of Representatives that would increase accountability, security, and transparency with ObamaCare. The
Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act
(H.R. 3811) requires the Dept. of Health and Human Services to notify individuals if their personal information has been stolen or unlawfully accesses through an ObamaCare exchange, like MNsure. You can read more by clicking
here .
Announcing the House App Contest for Students
Science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) education is critical for a highly-trained and skilled workforce, and I am pleased to invite 2nd district high school students to participate in the first annual STEM education competition: the House App Contest. I am continually impressed with the students in our district and encouraged by their unlimited potential. The House App Contest offers a unique way for our students to display their talents and creativity, and I am pleased to provide this opportunity. If you would like to learn more about the House App Contest, click
here .
Protecting Our Families
I have heard from many of you on how important emergency services are to you and your loved ones. Earlier this week, I was pleased to support the Poison Center Network Act (H.R. 3527). This important legislation reauthorizes our nations poison center network and ensures communities across the 2nd district and the country will continue to have access to the free poison center network hotline. Poisoning is the second most common form of unintentional death in the United States and most of these exposures will involve children under the age of six. The hotline is staffed by trained doctors and nurses 24-hours a day, seven days a week. To visit the Minnesota poison center network, click
here .
Best wishes,
John Kline
Member of Congress
SURVEY
As your Congressman, I want to hear from you about the impacts of ObamaCare on your family and friends. If you haven't done so already, please visit my website and
share your story .
TOP NEWS
John Kline Seeking Answers from MNsure for Wrongly Denying Benefits to Enrollees
Congressman John Kline is seeking answers in a letter sent today to MNsure Executive Director April Todd-Malmlov after it was determined the MNsure health care exchange system was experiencing numerous problems including wrongly denying benefits to a number of Minnesota enrollees.
Due to the presidents health care law, Minnesotans are seeing their rates skyrocket or are losing their health insurance plans altogether and being forced into government run health care where they can no longer keep their doctor, clinic, or hospital, said Kline, whose letter was also signed by Congressman Erik Paulsen. While the disastrous launch of HealthCare.gov and ongoing problems with the federal exchange are well documented, I am equally if not more concerned with complications caused by MNsure that directly affect my constituents.
Read more .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here