
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About
District
Constituent
Services
Issues
Press Office
Contact
December 13, 2013
Dear Friends,
As you know, the House of Representatives
voted overwhelmingly on Thursday to pass a bipartisan, two-year budget
agreement. I voted yes on this legislation, which now goes to the Senate
for consideration and a vote.
While this bill does not
contain everything I would want in a budget agreement, I am pleased that
it will give certainty to the economy and small businesses, eliminating
the threat of a government shutdown. This legislation reduces our
deficit by making smarter, targeted cuts. This agreement is a responsible
step forward, one that I hope will lay the groundwork for future
timely and balanced budgets.
If you'd like to know more about
the budget agreement, I'd encourage you to
click here
and read about the agreement and its spending
cuts.
EPA LISTENS TO CHINA BUT NOT WEST
VIRGINIA?
While the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency has ignored my repeated requests to come to West
Virginia to discuss coal regulations, EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy
arrived in China Monday to discuss greenhouse gas
standards.
Prompted by the EPAs refusal to listen to the countrys coal-producing
and coal-consuming states, I have introduced the Listen to Americans
First Act. This legislation, H.R. 3684, would prohibit the use of
taxpayer dollars for any foreign travel by the EPA administrator until a
public listening session is held in each of the 15 states that generated
the highest percentage of electricity from coal in
2012.
The EPA has held 11 public listening sessions regarding its upcoming
greenhouse gas emission rule targeting existing power plants. None of
these listening sessions were held in any of the 10 states that generated
the highest percentage of electricity from coal.
It should
go without saying that U.S. government agencies should take the time
to listen to Americans before they set off to travel the world. While
the administration may think they can ignore the voices of heartland
Americans, this important legislation will remind the administration
that all Americans deserve a voice
not just those in cities such as
San Francisco, Seattle and New York City.
I am deeply
disappointed in Administrator McCarthy for prioritizing traveling to Beijing
over traveling to Beckley, Charleston, Madison or Moundsville. West
Virginians and others living in coal-producing states work hard to
provide our country with affordable energy, and they deserve the respect of
at least being acknowledged by this administration.
FUNDING
RESEARCH FOR PEDIATRIC ILLNESSES
I voted yes this week on
H.R. 2019, the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act, which will
increase funding for research targeting childhood illnesses. The bill
passed the House with broad bipartisan support, 295-103.
I
am proud to be a cosponsor of this important legislation, which would
end the Presidential Election Campaign Fund and reallocate the fund
(nearly $130 million) to the National Institutes of Health to help fund
research for autism, cancer, and other serious childhood
illnesses.
Political parties dont need the governments help to pay for
their conventions; they can fund their conventions without taxpayer
dollars. This important legislation reallocates nearly $130 million
toward a goal everyone can support
research to treat and prevent
devastating illnesses in children.
CELL PHONE CALLS ON
PLANES?
I've signed on as a cosponsor of a bipartisan bill to ban
in-flight cell phone calls on domestic commercial flights.
H.R.
3676, the Prohibiting In-Flight Voice Communications on Mobile
Wireless Devices Act, would ban the use of mobile devices for audible calls
during the in-flight portion of domestic commercial flights. It would
exempt on-duty flight crew members, flight attendants and federal law
enforcement officials acting in an official capacity. The bills
introduction comes as the Federal Communications Commission considers
changing the current ban on cell phone calls on commercial planes during
flight.
Flying can tax even the most patient traveler, and
most fliers want their flights to be quick, comfortable and quiet.
Allowing cell phone calls on commercial airlines will create more stressful
conditions for travelers forced to listen to invasive conversations.
It will also impede the ability of flight crews to focus on their
crucial safety responsibilities by forcing them to referee disputes among
passengers over loud cell phone calls.
Passengers should be
able to use their phones and wireless devices for text messaging or
working online, but keeping our cabins call-free will result in more
civil and comfortable conditions for all.
MOBILE OFFICE HOURS
I will be holding mobile office
hours in Grantsville, Buffalo, Ravenswood and Martinsburg next week. My
staff will be available to help Second District residents who are
having problems with federal agencies and programs. Please bring along
documents you have received from federal agencies related to your
issues.
Tuesday, Dec. 17
10:30-11:30
a.m.
Calhoun County Senior Center
105 Market
St.
Grantsville, W.Va. 26147
Wednesday, Dec.
18
10:30-11:30 a.m.
Buffalo Senior Center
48 Wrights
Lane
Buffalo, W.Va. 25033
Thursday, Dec.
19
10:30-11:30 a.m.
Ravenswood Senior Center
511
Washington St.
Ravenswood, W.Va. 26164
Friday,
Dec. 20
11:30 a.m. 1 p.m.
Berkeley County Senior
Center
217 N. High St.
Martinsburg, W.Va.
25401
Thank you for
reading my weekly e-newsletter, and as always, you can join in the
conversation on
Facebook
and
Twitter .
Sincerely,
Shelley Moore Capito
Washington, D.C. Office
2366 Rayburn
H.O.B.
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2711
Fax: (202) 225-7856
Charleston Offic e
4815 MacCorkle
Ave. SE
Charleston, WV 25304
Phone: (304) 925-5964
Fax:
(304) 926-8912
Martinsburg
Office
300 Foxcroft Ave. Suite 102
Martinsburg, WV
25401
Phone: (304) 264-8810
Fax: (304) 264-8815
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
