DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
December 13, 2013
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Greetings from the 19th
Dear Friend,
Yesterday, the House of Representatives passed a bipartisan budget agreement that establishes spending levels for the next two years.
The legislation passed 332-94, and was the result of negotiations between House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-WI) and Senate Budget Committee Chairwoman Patty Murray (D-WA), and I voted in support of the legislation.
Overall, the bipartisan budget agreement reduces the deficit by $85 billion over 10 years and partially replaces the sequester cuts
across the board spending reductions that have hurt our domestic and defense priorities - with smarter reductions.
Since I was first elected three years ago, I have been committed to pursuing policies that grow our economy and put us on a path to a balanced budget.
Like American families, local communities, and New York State, a budget is a critical first step in managing revenues and spending.
For the first time in five years, our country will have an enacted budget
stopping the cycle of temporary spending measures that continue bad policy and undermine economic stability.
Additionally, as someone who served 29 years in uniform, I firmly believe we can save money in defense if we think and act different, and do not try to be the worlds policemen.
However, the sequester is not the way to do that
cuts without accompanying reforms harms our readiness, weakens our deterrence, and jeopardizes the lives of our brave servicemembers.
At home, the sequester is doing equal harm, hurting priorities like critical medical research, vital social programs, and our local schools.
Certainly we have a long way to go, but this agreement is a positive step forward and the result of good faith bipartisan negotiations.
Applying this principle of negotiation to our longer term challenges has the ability to, in an era of divided government, enact policies that will move our country forward.
We can solve the problems before us, and I will be continuing to work with my colleagues
particularly those in the bipartisan problem solver group No Labels
to do just that.
The Senate is scheduled to vote on the bill next week.
Additionally, I also recently published an opinion piece on how we can reform our public education system to best prepare students for the challenges of the 21st Century.
Despite the best intentions and the worlds best teachers, our education system is moving in the wrong direction. Since the enactment of No Child Left Behind in 2001, we have over-federalized education, placing more unfunded mandates on local schools that squeeze out education programs designed to benefit students in their local economies.
You can read more about why I think we should reduce these mandates and scale back onerous, high-stakes testing here: http://www.troyrecord.com/opinion/20131126/rep-chris-gibson-empowering-local-schools-the-case-for-reform and my interview on the Common Core here: http://capitalregion.ynn.com/content/news/headlines/706804/congressman-gibson-comments-on-common-core-standards/.
Finally, we voted this week on legislation in honor of 10-year old Gabriella Miller, an advocate for childhood cancer research who passed away of brain cancer this October. This bill takes away the taxpayer financing of presidential campaigns and political party conventions (which amount to taxpayer funded infomercials) and uses these funds to expand pediatric research at the National Institutes of Health through the NIH Common Fund, for diseases like cancer, autism and Fragile X. The legislation passed the House in a bipartisan vote and I would encourage you to watch Gabriella's video as no one is a better advocate for the absolute necessity of this research than she is: http://majorityleader.gov/video/gabriella-miller/.
Im headed back to New York today, and will be at the Schoharie Animal Shelter Open House, a holiday celebration in Amenia, and marching in the Esopus Winter Wonderland Parade on Saturday.
On Sunday morning, Ill be having breakfast at the West Sand Lake Fire Company, and will be at events across the district next week.
I hope to see you!
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
Daily Freeman:
U.S. Rep. Chris Gibson Promotes Service to Others during Address at Annual Luncheon
Register Star :
Small Businesses in the Spotlight
Saugerties Post Star :
U.S. Rep. Chris Gibson Ulster Chamber Breakfast Speaker
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
My Committees
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1708 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5614
F (202) 225-1168
Click Here Click Here