
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH
DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear
David,
This week, the Energy and Commerce Committee's Health
Subcommittee held a hearing to examine the impact Obamacare will have on
Medicare Advantage - a program that is very popular among seniors in
Florida's 12th Congressional District. In order to fund the President's
health care law, more than $300 billion was cut from the program,
ultimately compromising the program's existence. During the hearing, I asked
Mr. Douglas Holtz-Eakin, the former head of the non-partisan
Congressional Budget Office (CBO), his thoughts on these cuts and the future of
the program. It is estimated that in 2017, when the Medicare Advantage
provisions under Obamacare are fully phased in, enrollment will be
reduced by about 50 percent, and Mr. Holtz-Eakin affirmed that these
cuts will decimate the program.
VIDEO: Congressman Bilirakis Examines Obamacare's Negative Impacts to
Medicare Advantage
We are already seeing the negative
impacts these significant cuts will have on Medicare Advantage, as
providers shrink their networks and deny access in certain counties -
regardless of whether individuals in these areas would like to keep these
plans. Nationwide, 100,000 individuals will be denied access to Medicare
Advantage this year due to these cuts. With 40 percent of the
seniors in our district enrolled in Medicare Advantage (Source: CMS
Office of Legislation), I am extremely concerned about how these cuts will
impact their access to healthcare this year and especially as the
provisions of the law are further implemented.
Yet again,
we are seeing that Obamacare is not fulfilling its promises. What
happened to "if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it?" What
happened to "if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor?" The issues
with Obamacare extend beyond a broken website, they are the result of
a broken law, and these empty promises are significantly impacting
Americans across the country. We deserve both transparency and the
truth, and it is unacceptable for hardworking Americans to have to pay the
price for the inaccuracies Obamacare was sold on.
Sincerely,
Gus Bilirakis
Member of
Congress
Homeowners across the country are currently facing astronomical flood
insurance rate increases as a result of reforms made to address the solvency
and affordability of the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP),
which protects homeowners from flood losses. With premiums expected to
double or even increase ten-fold for some homeowners in the Tampa Bay
area, I have been working tirelessly to find a legislative solution that
makes flood insurance affordable for homeowners, while also ensuring
the flood insurance program remains sustainable.
In an effort
to address your questions, I have arranged to bring top officials
from FEMA to Floridas 12th Congressional District for a town hall event
on December 18 from 12:00 p.m. to 1:30 p.m. at the New Port Richey
City Council Chambers, located at 5919 Main Street in New Port Richey,
FL. For more information, click
here . I hope you will join us as we address
your concerns and shed light on this important
issue.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
