DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
December 30, 2013
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Greetings from the 19th
Dear Friend,
As we close out 2013, I wanted to take a moment to wish you and your family a happy and healthy New Year.
It is an honor to serve as your representative, and I will continue to work for you each and every day in 2014.
The focus of our office is service.
We have dedicated caseworkers in our six offices around the district who have worked with thousands of our friends and neighbors who need assistance with the federal government.
Whether a delay in a decision for veterans benefits, trouble with Medicare or Social Security, regulatory requirements for a small business, or a host of other things, we are here to help.
Please contact us if you ever need help, and share this message with others who may need it.
In the spirit of giving back, my wife Mary Jo and I, along with some members of our staff, volunteered at the Catholic Charities Food Pantry in Hudson a couple of days before Christmas.
This was in part to fulfill a promise that I would not accept pay during the government shutdown.
Mary Jo and I made the decision to donate that pay to the food pantry, where she regularly volunteers, allowing them to put together holiday food baskets for those in our area who needed a little extra help this time of year.
This is in addition to giving back my military pension to the U.S. Treasury each month I serve in Congress.
From turkeys and roasting chickens to fresh vegetables and a variety of canned goods, we packed over 60 baskets, and I was so impressed by the work the food pantry does for our community.
You can read more about the volunteer work here: http://www.cbs6albany.com/news/features/top-story/stories/gibson-makes-good-shutdown-promise-12949.shtml and here: http://www.registerstar.com/news/article_e63878e2-6c52-11e3-bbab-0019bb2963f4.html.
Again, warmest wishes for the New Year, and I look forward to continuing to serve.
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
Daily Freeman:
Letter: Gibson Helps Combat Violence Against Women
Times Union :
State Seeks Jail Site Review
Saugerties Post Star :
Gibson Likes Bipartisan Budget Deal
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
My Committees
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1708 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5614
F (202) 225-1168
Click Here Click Here