
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
December 08, 2013
Dear
Friend,
Yesterday, in the Republican Weekly Address, I talked
about how the president's health care law continues to affect millions
of Americans. Women and families, in particular, are being targeted
by this government-knows-best policy.
Although the
Healthcare.gov website is somewhat improved, many problems still remain,
including serious concerns many have regarding the safety and security of the
online exchanges. The Washington Post
reported this week
that the federal exchange website is still
plagued with errors that have "affected roughly one-third of the people
who have signed up for health plans. This is one of the first
public acknowledgments by the Administration concerning the extent of
the website failures.
Problems with the website are not the
only issue with Obamacarethe real issue at hand is the law itself. Since
day one, Obamacare has been a disaster. Washington has no business
taking part in healthcare, and the American people deserve much more
than a broken website and a Presidents broken promises.
This
week in a hearing of the Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee, we
heard testimony on what beneficiaries of Medicare Advantage should expect
under Obamacare. We learned that Obamacare raids $300 billion from
the Medicare Advantage program. Additionally, Obamacare cuts will cause
7.4 million seniors to lose their existing Medicare Advantage
coverage. This is completely unacceptable and unfair to our nations senior
citizens.
The impact of Obamacare can be seen in every part of
our country there are millions of people who have received
cancelation notices from their healthcare providers and many who have
experienced an increase in their premiums. These hardships have been felt even
by some of the president's most loyal supporters. According to the
latest Harvard University Institute of Politics
poll , 57% of "millennials" disapprove of Obamacare. Furthermore, less than
a third of 18-29 year olds report that they are likely to enroll in
the exchange.
Obamacare is not sustainable and will continue
to devastate American families and businesses. Republicans favor
patient-centered, free market alternatives to Obamacare such as H.R.
3121 the Republican Study Committees American Health Care Reform
Act, which I cosponsored.
Click
here
to become a citizen cosponsor of H.R. 3121.
Please
share the information in this newsletter with your friends and continue
to share your Obamacare stories with me through
this page
on my website. Feel free to reach out to my office with any
concerns or questions, and thank you for staying informed and
engaged.
Ellmers Delivers GOP Weekly Address
to the Nation
I was asked by House Republican leadership to
deliver the GOPs weekly address to the nation. I wanted to use this
opportunity to discuss how the Presidents healthcare law continues to
affect millions of Americans. I also wanted to relay to Americans
what the Republican Party is doing to protect them from further harm.
This marks the second time that House Leadership has asked for me to
deliver this address.
Below is an excerpt from my
speech:
Like many of you, Im frustrated with the presidents health
care law, especially where jobs and working families are
concerned.
I say this not just as a congresswoman and chair of the
Republican Womens Policy Committee; I say it as a nurse and the mother of a
son in college.
After all, its often women who
make the healthcare decisions for their families.
We put a lot of
time and thought into these choices and how theyll affect our
budgets.
So by canceling your insurance
despite a
promise to let you keep your plan
the Obama administration is essentially
saying it knows whats best for you and your family.
Not
only that, they are making you pay more
usually much more
and in
many cases, taking away the doctor youve been seeing for
years.
If you want to talk about a war on women, look no further
than this health care law.
To view my entire address,
please
click
here .
Problems Continue on Healthcare.gov
On Sunday, I appeared on
America's News Headquarters
to discuss
the problems with the Obamacare website and the millions of Americans
who have had their health insurance policies canceled and premiums
raised.
Click here
or on the
image above to watch the interview.
The Website Errors
are Only the Beginning
I released the
following statement
this week after participating in a special order
with my colleagues on the Republican Doctors
Caucus:
"Obamacare is turning family budgets upside down and inflicting unnecessary
pain on millions of Americans. Nationwide, women make the healthcare
decisions for themselves and their families. So by cancelling their
insurance plans, the Obama administration is now saying that they know
what is best for you and your family. Women across the country knew these
plans were adequate. They knew what was best for their families, but
that was never good enough for the Democrats who declared 'WE know
what's best for you and your families.' We were all sold a bill of goods
that the president knew he could not deliver. If you want to talk
about a 'war on women,' look no further than the White
House."
"On the front page of today's Washington Post, it reads
'Healthcare.gov Makes Frequent Enrollment Errors.' This comes only days after
the Obama administration claimed victory for fixing the
disaster-prone website and rebranding the error messages that continue to pop up as
a 'queuing system.' Since day one, Obamacare has been a complete
disaster."
Click here
to read my full statement.
Click here
or on the image below to watch my
speech in its entirety.
In the News
Ellmers to
give Saturday GOP weekly address
Raleigh News
&amp; Observer
House Speaker John Boehner's office announced
Friday morning that Rep. Renee Ellmers will give the Republicans'
weekly address on Saturday. The Republican congresswoman from Dunn plans
to talk about "the House's ongoing focus on jobs and securing fairness
for all Americans hurting from the presidents fundamentally flawed
health care law," said a press release from the House Republican
leader's office.
GOP Men Should Be a
Little More Sensitive to Women, Boehner Says
Roll
Call
The House Republican Conference has also run afoul of
the 19 GOP women in the 113th Congress. Most recently, Rep. Renee
Ellmers of North Carolina, chairwoman of the Republican Womens Policy
Committee, stood up at a members meeting to chide Boehner for appointing
only men to a special negotiating committee convened at one point
during the government shutdown. [Boehner] literally got up and said, You
know what, Renee, that was a mistake, Ellmers recalled. And I
believe that it was just a very innocent mistake, and I dont think they
realized how that looked.
I believe it is not a mistake that will be
made again.
LETTER: Others should
follow Ellmers's example
Letter to the Editor -
The Sanford Herald
"There has been an unusual lack of
interest in letter writing to the editor recently. I am willing to break the
ice with a few commentsMany thanks to our U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers for
her opposition to some of these blunders by other liberal
politicians. We need other senators and congressmen to follow her lead for the
2013 midterm elections to save our country before it's too
late."
Obama may wish to pass the
buck
Letter to the Editor - Fayetteville
Observer
Many thanks to our U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers for her opposition to some of
these blunders by other liberal politicians. We need other senators
and congressmen to follow her lead for the 2014 midterm elections to
save our country before it's too late.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
On Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the "Like" button
on my Facebook page
today!
On Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to
join the conversation on Twitter.
On YouTube
Please subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you won't miss
great video from the Washington and the Second District.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me
e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax:
(202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W.
Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro,
NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
