
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 2013
Stopping The EPA's Ridiculous Regulation Of Fire Hydrants
Senate Unanimously Approves My Bill To Restore Fire Safety
This week, I teamed up with Sen. Bob Casey to pass bipartisan legislation to bolster fire safety and protect local governments from a ridiculous, expensive, and dangerous new government mandate.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) recently announced a policy that would have required local governments to replace malfunctioning fire hydrants with new independently certified lead-free fire hydrants. This EPA regulation essentially made it impossible for local governments to repair fire hydrants or replace them with existing inventory. It was also uncertain whether fire hydrants that meet the new criteria were even available for purchase.
Last week, Sen. Bob Casey and I introduced legislation (S. 1779) to exempt fire hydrants from the mandate. This week, the Senate unanimously passed House legislation identical to our bill. It was a rare outbreak of common sense on Capitol Hill.
The notion that people drink from fire hydrants often enough to warrant this kind of regulation is ridiculous and in no way justifies the cost of replacing hydrants in every city and town in the country. It is great news that the Senate and the House have both acknowledged this absurdity.
The implementation of this EPA rule would have forced local governments to leave malfunctioning fire hydrants idle until adequate funds and products are available. This poses an undeniable threat to public safety. The passage of our bipartisan bill is a great victory for common sense, and I look forward to President Obama signing it into law.
Addressing The Nation
Click to watch my remarks
I was honored to be asked to deliver last week's Republican Address. In my remarks, I spoke about how the President's flawed health care law is causing millions of Americans to lose the insurance plans they like.
I also shared the story of a Westmoreland County woman who has multiple sclerosis. She recently learned that, because of Obamacare, she is losing the insurance that had worked for her for many years. She has a choice of two plans now. One will allow her to keep her doctor; the other will pay for her medication. Neither plan will do both. These are the kinds of painful and unfair choices millions of people now face thanks to the President's health care law.
I empathize with the families frustrated by the faulty website. It took my own family about a week to finally sign up for insurance through the health care exchange available to us.
Please take a few minutes to watch and hear about better ways we can still achieve expanded, affordable health coverage. Thanks.
Protecting Our First Responders
Read The Delaware County Daily Times article
This week, I visited
Centre Square Fire Company
in Blue Bell, Montgomery County. Rep.
Pat Meehan
and
Senator John Rafferty
joined me to share details on my plan to protect volunteer first responders from employee mandates in the President's health care law.
The law penalizes volunteer fire departments and jeopardizes funding for training by requiring volunteer firefighters to be counted as full-time equivalent employees. Read more
here.
The
Pittsburgh Tribune-Review
reports that these expenses could "cost $300,000 for companies with just 50 volunteers." This is unacceptable. I will continue to work to protect our first responders from the President's health care law.
Still Fighting For Fiscal Sanity
The Senate this week passed a budget agreement. I voted against it because any budget deal must be considered in comparison to preexisting law, which was signed by President Obama in 2011 and established specific spending limits.
Those bipartisan spending caps were working. In 2012 and 2013, we reduced government spending two years in a row - the first time since just after the Korean War - and lowered our deficits substantially.
I have maintained that any budget deal alternative to preexisting law must preserve these taxpayer savings. The budget agreement does not accomplish this basic goal. Instead, this deal establishes new, higher budget caps to increase spending. The deal purports to offset those increases. But it does so, in some cases, with gimmicks, and, to a large degree, with higher revenues.
It is also unfortunate that this deal does not contain a provision that I have been calling for which would permanently end shutdowns and government by manufactured crisis.
Regardless of one's position on this budget agreement, it is clear that Washington is still ignoring the unsustainable spending trajectory that remains a drag on our economy and future generations. I hope that Congress will get to work to put our fiscal house in order.
Strengthening Pennsylvania's Communities
My regional manager for the Lehigh Valley, Marta Gabriel, attended the Hillside Healthcare ribbon cutting in East Stroudsburg, Monroe County last Friday. The center is the first residential drug and alcohol rehab center in Monroe County and the surrounding region including Pike and Carbon counties.
Merry Christmas &amp; Happy Holidays!
The Christmas tree at the U.S. Capitol
HOW CAN I HELP?
EMAIL US
FEDERAL GRANTS
VISITING D.C.
FLAG REQUESTS
FEDERAL AGENCY HELP
MORE
WHERE I STAND
Budget, Jobs &amp; the Economy
Education
Energy
Health Care
Israel and the Middle East
Life, Family and Marriage
National Security and Defense
Veterans
IN THE NEWS
News
Photo Blog
Video
Audio
Official Photos
Newsletter Archive
PLEASE CONTACT SENATOR TOOMEY AT ONE OF THE FOLLOWING OFFICES:
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
For more information, news, and contact details, please visit us at
http://toomey.senate.gov Unsubscribe
