
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT ME
CONTACT
ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
RESOURCES
December 23, 2013
Congress Must Renew
Commitment to Veterans
I believe we can always do more to
help those who serve in our military. We must treat them like the
heroes they are, keep the promises we make with them, and ensure they
receive the health and retirement benefits they've earned through
courageous service. That is why I've always supported legislation that helps
military men and women and their families, and provides much-needed
services and benefits to veterans. In addition to supporting veterans'
access to health care services, we've hosted several jobs fairs in the
3rd District to make sure veterans are at the front of the line for job
opportunities once they return home from serving on the front lines
around the world.
It was important
for Congress to pass a budget in our current divided government.
However, one shortcoming of the bill must be fixed - specifically a
provision that lowered the retirement increases veterans receive each year,
beginning in 2016. I have already signed on in support of bills that
will correct this provision; including legislation offered by Veterans
Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller (R-FL) that would repeal this
COLA reform provision and provide protections in the law to ensure that
veterans would not be subject to these types of changes. Click on
each bill number to read more:
H.R. 3789
and
H.R. 3790 . We must renew our commitment to
veterans.
2013 U.S. Service Academy Nominations
Reception
It was an honor to nominate 23 young leaders to the U.S.
Service Academies. On Tuesday evening, I had the privilege of visiting
with these students and their families. These outstanding young
leaders are truly the best and brightest from our community and
inspirational in their desire to serve our great country. I wish them the best of
luck as they progress through the U.S. Service Academy appointment
process.
C lick here
for more information about the nomination
process to the U.S. Service Academies; including the
United
States Military Academy
at West Point, NY, the
United
States Naval Academy
at Annapolis, MD, the
United States
Mercant Marines
at Kings Point, NY, and the
United
States Air Force Academy
at Colorado Springs, CO. Applications
for next year's nominations are due in
October
2014.
These nominees are outstanding representatives
for the 3rd Congressional District. I congratulate each and every one
of them and wish them all good luck. The 3rd District is proud of
you.
Shawnee Chamber of Commerce Coffee
I enjoyed
visiting with many Shawnee residents at the
Shawnee Chamber of Commerce
coffee last
Tuesday morning. I value the conversations I have with our local business
and community leaders about what we can do to grow our economy in the
3rd District. I spoke with members about the recent budget compromise,
federal spending, the national debt and more concerning
issues.
Thank you for having me
for coffee, and for the work you do to improve our
communities.
After the Shawnee Chamber Coffee, I stopped and visited with
Raymond Soetaert, a World War II veteran and member of the Greatest
Generation. I thank Raymond, and all veterans, for the sacrifices they made
in service of their country.
Butler
National at New Century Air Center
I took a very informative
tour of
Butler
National
in New Century Air Center near Gardner. Butler specializes in
the Aerospace Services industry, including custom aircraft PMA
solutions, aircraft and aircraft parts certification services, the
manufacture of switching equipment for Boeing, fuel tank protection devices,
and structural modifications to business and commercial
aircraft.
Thank you to Clark Stewart,
President and CEO of Butler, for the invitation to visit their great
facility.
Overland Park Rotary
It was a pleasure to catch
up with so many of my fellow Rotarians at the
Overland Park Rotary Club's
meeting last
Monday. The mission of the OP Rotary is to provide service to others,
promote integrity, and advance world understanding, goodwill, and
peace through its fellowship of business, professional, and community
leaders. These are wonderful ideals and values to keep in mind,
especially during the holidays.
I
especially enjoyed visiting with my friend and predecessor in the Kansas
State Legislature former State Rep. Gerry Ray and her husband
Jerry.
Touring Huhtamaki in De
Soto
It is always helpful to me to tour a local manufacturer and discuss
issues they face related to the economy, workforce and manufacturing. I
toured
Huhtamaki
in De Soto last week and learned firsthand about their facility.
Huhtamaki produces recognizable consumer goods packaging and foodservice
products from hot drink cups to ice cream containers, all made out of
paper. They employ 500 people in De
Soto.
Thank you to President Clay Dunn of Huhtamaki North America
and his team for educating me on their work and keeping me apprised of
issues facing manufacturers.
Cozy's Cafe in Downtown
OP
It was a pleasure to meet Kozeta Kreka, owner of
Cozy's Cafe
in Overland Park,
last week. Cozy's Cafe is located at 6740 W. 75th Street in downtown
Overland Park. It's a wonderful restaurant, and I enjoyed visiting with
Kozeta about her small business. Small businesses are the engine of
our economy, and 2 out of 3 jobs are created by small businesses in this
country.
Thank you to Kozeta
Kreka for visiting with me about her small business, Cozy's
Cafe.
Ft. Riley Soldiers
Killed in Afghanistan
We were so very saddened to learn 5
of the 6 soldiers killed last week in
Tuesday's helicopter crash in Afghanistan
were
stationed out of Fort Riley.
Click here , or on the image below, to learn more about
these courageous soldiers.
Our thoughts and prayers remain with the families of
those lost, and with all military men and women bravely serving our
country. God bless.
New Bill Cosponsorships
to Protect Wounded and Young Military Retirees
I signed
on as a sponsor of the following pieces of legislation in order to
protect our wounded and younger military retirees from COLA pension
payment reductions.
Click each specific bill number
to read
more information about the
legislation.
H.R. 3789
- Exempting the retired pay of
certain disabled veterans from the reduced adjustment of retired pay and
retainer pay amounts for retired members of the Armed
Forces.
H.R. 3790
- Repealing the
annual adjustment of retired pay and retainer pay amounts for retired
members of the Armed Forces under the age of
62.
I value your feedback. Please
contact
me
and let me know your thoughts regarding these important
bills.
Upcoming Staff Community Office
Hours
My staff can assist you from 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Monday through
Friday in my Overland Park office. They can help with any issues or
concerns, as well as to provide assistance with federal agencies and
programs including, Veterans' Affairs, Medicare, Social Security,
Passports, and Visas.
My staff also holds
Community Staff Office Hours throughout the district. If you are
unable to visit my office, please consider coming to the following location
if it is more convenient for
you:
Tuesday, January 28th
DeSoto Fire
Station
in the Public Meeting Space
33150
W. 83rd Street
DeSoto
4:00-5:00
p.m.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC
215 Cannon
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2865
Hours: Monday-Friday
9:00AM -6:00PM EST
Overland
Park
7325 W. 79th St.
Overland Park, KS
66204
Phone: (913) 621-0832
Fax: (913) 621-1533
Hours: Monday-Friday
8:00AM -5:00PM CST
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
