
Friday, January 10, 2014
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Protecting Your Personal Information
The Problem :
Security concerns about healthcare.gov are growing. So far, four separate House Committees have documented the risks of data breach in Obamacares online exchanges.
While the Obama Administration promises people can trust that information that they are providing is protected by stringent security standards,
news outlets
have outlined concerns that experts and even the administration had prior to the launch of Healthcare.Gov.
In fact, Experian, the credit report bureau which also has a division that works on data breaches, released a report that stated, "The healthcare industry, by far, will be the most susceptible to publicly disclosed and widely scrutinized data breaches in 2014." The reports author
stated
that there are volume issues, security issues, multiple data handling points
all generally not good things for protecting protected health information and personal identity information.
Alarmingly, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Chief Information Security Officer, Teresa Fryer, stated in a
draft memo
that the federal exchange does not reasonably meet ... security requirements and that there is also no confidence that Personal Identifiable Information (PII) will be protected.
Not only is a security breach possible, the Obama Administration has
indicated
they may not
inform
Americans if their personal information has been put at risk. This is unacceptable.
What Were Doing : Friday, the U.S. House of Representatives will consider the
Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act . This bill would require by law that the Department of Health and Human Services notify individuals if their personal information has been stolen or unlawfully accessed through an Obamacare exchange within two business days after the discovery.
This is part of a broader effort by House Republicans to protect Americans from the disastrous effects of Obamacare. Lets hope that once the bill gets over to the Democrat-controlled Senate, theyll pass this commonsense measure and it wont languish on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reids desk.
CONNECT
LATEST NEWS
Share Your Obamacare Story
Protecting You From Obamacare
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here