
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing the 36th District
November 22, 2013
The
Hill Report
Congressman Steve
Stockman's
Weekly Newsletter; November
16-22
Obamacare Website Identity Theft
Risk:
The House Science Committee held a hearing
this week, investigating how vulnerable the problem-plagued
Healthcare.gov website is to identity-theft and hacking. The verdict? All
witnesses declared the site unsafe to use, and said it should be shut down.
Witnesses discussed evidence of attempted hacking and said if the site
hadn't already been hacked, it would be soon. Compounding the problem
are many fraudulent look-alike websites. Congressman Stockman is
dedicated to assuring the system is made safe for Americans to use, while
continuing to work for full repeal of
Obamacare.
EPA Permits:
Following last week's
Science Committee hearing on the EPA, the Congressman accepted in his
official letter the EPA Administrator's offer to look into delayed permits
totaling billions of dollars of investments in the 36th District, and
thousands of jobs. The Congressman
will
Energy Votes Benefit Texas and the 36th
District:
Congressman Stockman voted on several important bills this
week on energy production, which the House passed:
HR 2728
blocks the Administration from regulating fracking on Federal lands
where such production is already regulated by states.
H.R.
1900, the Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act, prevents the
administration from sitting on gas permits by directing that permits be
automatically approved unless approved or disapproved within 12
months.
H.R. 1965, the Federal Lands Jobs and Energy Security Act,
makes improvements in the permit process for energy projects on federal
lands, including deeming a permit application approved if the
Secretary has not made a decision on it by 60 days after its
receipt.
Modern energy production technologies are bringing America energy
independence, and the Congressman is dedicated to reduce regulatory
barriers and White House obstructionism which costs Americans billions in
higher prices.
Inspiration
Mars:
Congressman Stockman met this week with private astronaut Dennis Tito on his
Inspiration Mars program to send two astronauts on a flyby past
Mars in 2018.
The mission is highly achievable using existing
technology, and thanks to Mr. Titos generous investment, it may be
accomplished for little more than the cost of a single space shuttle
launch.
This mission will advance a NASA goal currently
planned for the 2030s to this decade, allowing for even more exciting goals
sooner, such as a return to the moon and the first landing on
Mars.
An important consideration is Americas leadership in
space. If we dont do this mission, China or Russia certainly will,
sending a signal to the world we are content with being second or third
in space. Investments and jobs will follow the leader to our economic
peril.
Learn more
about this
fascinating proposal.
Stockman Congratulates
NASA for Two Launches This Week:
Photo of MAVEN Launch by
NASA/Bill Ingalls
Congressman Stockman congratulated NASA
on two successful launches this week, one to Mars, and the other
containing 29 satellites including the first cubesat built by high school
students.
NASAs
MAVEN
mission is
on the way to Mars to study the atmosphere and serve as a relay
satellite for our rovers, and the many small satellites launched on
Orbitals Minotaur rocket
are cutting-edge experiments
that fit in the palm of a hand.
Stockman said These two
missions are a testament to the dedicated work by thousands of NASA and
contractor employees, and many college and high school students. I am
delighted to see students now able to build satellites and see them
launched into space.
This new generation of student engineers
are directly advancing Americas leadership role in aerospace, and the
cubesats they are building are marvels of miniaturization and
function. I am proud to see their work operational.
The MAVEN
mission will advance our knowledge of Mars, and I am working to continue
American leadership in space with human missions to the moon and
Mars.
Next week, Space X will launch a commercial satellite from
the Kennedy Space Center, and the Congressman's science and space
advisor will be there to meet with top NASA officials and observe the
launch.
15th Anniversary of the
International Space Station:
Fifteen years ago, on
Nov. 20,
1998, the first element of ISS was launched. To commemorate this event,
NASA Administrator Charles Bolden and astronaut Chris Cassidy held a
meeting in Congress. The space station has been continuously staffed
since 2000, where incredible advances in science and medical technology
brings benefits to Americans, while preparting for our next steps in
space. The Congressman's science and space advisor, art Harman met with
Administrator Bolden and astronaut
Cassidy.
Peace Through Strength:
President
Reagan was famous for keeping the peace during the Cold War with 'peace
through strength.' This week, the House Foreign Affairs Committee passed
HR 3470, the Naval Vessel Transfer act, which will allow the transfer
and sale of retired naval frigates to Taiwan, Thailand and Mexico.
Congressman Stockman is a cosponsor and voted for this important
legislation, which will help keep the peace in the Pacific as China has been
threatening many of its neighbors and our allies for control of the
seas.
The Congressman also cosponsored
and voted for H. Res. 147, calling for the release of U.S. citizen Saeed
Abedini and condemning the Government of Iran for its persecution of
religious
minorities.
Alabama-Coushatta Tribe:
This week, representatives of the Alabama-Coushatta
Tribe of Texas visited the Congressman, discussing issues of concern to
the tribe and economy. The tribe is located near Livingston, Texas.
Learn more
Human Rights:
Congressman Stockman met with Bobby Hajjaj, who is in
the United States meeting with officials calling for greater human
rights in Bangladesh. The Congressman is a strong supporter of human
rights.
In the
News:
On Monday, Congressman Stockman was on the air with Michael
Berry of KTRH. He talked about his recent statement that President Obama
should fire Education Secretary Arne Duncan, after not issuing a
sincere apology for attacking white women who oppose "Common Core"
curriculum and calling their children stupid.
On Friday, the
Congressman returned as a guest on the Tim Constantine, Capitol Hill
Show.
Social
Media:
If you arent already following Congressman Stockman on the web and
social media, get connected for the latest news and
commentaries!
www.Stockman.House.gov
www.Facebook.com/CongressmanStockman
www.Twitter.com/SteveWorks4You
www.Youtube.com/SteveStockmanTX
District Offices
8060 Spencer Highway, Building 1, Suite 108 Pasadena, TX 77505
- (281) 478 2799
907
E. Houston St. Cleveland, TX 77327 - (409) 883 8028
420 Green Avenue Orange, TX 77630
- (409) 883 8075
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail
end 