
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT US
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
November 10, 2013
Lynns Weekly Update
Internship Applications Due; Veterans Day; ObamaCare Rollout Update;
District Visits
Internship Application Deadline
Nov. 15:
The application deadline for Spring congressional
internships in my Washington, Topeka, and Pittsburg offices is November
15. I encourage students interested in public policy to contact my
office at 202-225-6601 or
visit my website
to learn
how to apply.
Happy Veterans Day!
As
you attend events and parades this Veterans Day weekend, I encourage
each of you to remember why we are able to enjoy freedom in this
country
like being able to choose where we go to work, how we worship,
and when we want to speak our minds. Our nations devoted service men
and women, and brave veterans have made countless sacrifices to protect
American lives and liberties for hundreds of years.
When I
speak with veterans, most do not talk of the foreign battlefield, but of
the strength of the people they leave here at home: their families. I
encourage you to not only thank a veteran, but their families and
loved-ones who have fought the battle from their homes when their soldier
is far away. These folks deserve our support as much as our
gratitude, and I appreciate the organizations that offer assistance to our
veterans when they return home including the
Disabled
Veterans of America (DAV) ,
Vietnam Veterans of
America (VVA) , the
Wounded Warrior Project ,
Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) , the
American Legion , the
Military Veterans
Project
(formerly the Jamie Jarboe Foundation), and the countless other
veterans organizations.
We owe these American heroes an
enormous debt: thank you for your service and dedication to this great
nation.
ObamaCare Rollout and Enrollment Data
Subpoena
This week the House Ways and Means Committee
issued a subpoena
to Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services (CMS) to provide all enrollment data the agency has from the
ObamaCare exchanges.
Each day, more and more Americans are
finding out their health care plans have been canceled, and it is my
committees job to hold the administration accountable for the failed
launch of the ObamaCare exchanges. Administration officials have given
Congress some cherry-picked statistics, but they refuse to give us the
full picture. The lack of openness and transparency from the
administration is hindering our oversight role as we work to mitigate this crisis
for hardworking Americans and their families.
The enrollment
data was originally requested during a House Ways and Means Committee
hearing with CMS Administrator Marilyn Tavenner on October 29, 2013.
Tavenner said she did not have the enrollment information, although we
have learned both she and Secretary Sebelius have been briefed on
these numbers. Chairman Camp demanded CMS provide the documents by close
of business Friday, November 8. His latest letter can be
read
here .
After nearly
six weeks, the administration still has not solved the widespread
problems with ObamaCares rollout. In the weeks and months ahead, I am
committed to focusing on ways to protect Americans from this broken health
care law.
One of my efforts includes my bipartisan bill with
Congressman John Barrow, the
Restoring Access to
Medication Act , that repeals an ObamaCare rule preventing people
from using their medical savings accounts to buy over-the-counter (OTC)
medications. With nearly 50 million Americans using medical savings
accounts to manage their rising health care costs, this bill will help
put consumers back in the drivers seat, and mitigate the negative
effects of the presidents health care law. I was pleased when Senator Pat
Roberts and Senator Mary Landrieu
introduced a
companion bill
in the Senate this week.
District Work
Period
On Monday, I visited Berry Plastics, one of
Lawrences largest private-sector employers, to meet the local Berry
employees and learn about the companys impact on the local community.
On Tuesday, I visited Capitol Concrete Products in Topeka to see how
they make their masonry units and discuss how federal policy is
affecting their business operations. As my committee, the House Ways and
Means Committee, continues to pursue fundamental, pro-growth tax reform,
it is important to see how the tax code is affecting Kansas businesses
and job creation.
I also visited Benedictine College on
Tuesday, and it was an honor to have the opportunity to discuss how our
federal government operates with students from Professor Bill Raymonds
American Government class. It is so important for young people to be
engaged with what is going on in Washington, and I was delighted to
spend time with the students discussing the various ways our federal
government impacts their daily lives. Thanks to President Minnis,
Professor Raymond, and his class for hosting me.
On Thursday,
it was a pleasure to visit Dillon House and Jayhawk Theatre, the State
Theatre of Kansas, and learn about how these two restoration projects
are working to revitalize downtown Topeka and create more jobs. It is
so important to preserve these historical sites for future generations
and I am glad I had the opportunity to learn about the plans to
renovate these buildings.
Check out this video
of the
work to be done at the Jayhawk Theatre.
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
Click Here
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
How Is
the ObamaCare Exchange Working for You? Were you able to sign up for insurance coverage on
Healthcare.gov? Yes No Other Did your premium change? It went up. It went down. Other Do you have a personal story you would like to
share?
Please subscribe me to your Enewsletter If you are having trouble, click
here. Share on Facebook Share
on Twitter
Please Feel Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620)
231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka,
KS 66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway
mail end 