
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 2013
"The whole law is unworkable."
This week, the Obama Administration announced enrollment numbers for the President's health care law. Just 106,185 Americans have been able to sign up. As NBC News reporter Luke Russert tweeted, Penn State's Beaver Stadium can comfortably seat all of those enrollees.
These enrollment numbers are further evidence that the President's health care law is a train wreck. Even more troubling, millions are losing health coverage they like because the President deemed those plans inadequate and failed to make good on his promise that "if you like your plan, you can keep it."
Even the President recognized this was a problem. Yesterday, he announced what is, at best, a temporary fix to postpone this disaster until after the next election. This is little comfort to the millions of Americans who will now lose their insurance coverage next year.
The faulty website is only the tip of the iceberg. It is not technical glitches that will doom this system; it is the fact that the President's health care law forces people to buy overpriced health plans they don't want, hikes taxes, and puts important, personal health care decisions in the hands of politicians and bureaucrats instead of patients and their doctors. The whole law is unworkable.
Listen to my discussion of Obamacare's enrollment numbers with WPHT's Chris Stigall.
Questioning Federal Reserve Chair Nominee Janet Yellen
Watch Sen. Toomey's questioning .
In a Senate Banking Committee hearing Thursday, I questioned Federal Reserve Vice-Chair Janet Yellen during her confirmation hearing to be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
Specifically, I asked Dr. Yellen about the benefits of the Fed's practice of keeping interest rates artificially low and expressed my concern that such policies harm middle-class savers, seniors, and retirees who rely on interest from their savings and pensions.
I also urged Dr. Yellen to address the problem of overregulation of community banks that limits the ability of these institutions to assist families and small businesses.
Walking to End Alzheimer's
Sen. Pat Toomey (R-Pa.) speaks to crowds at Philly's Citizens Bank Park.
Last weekend, my family and I joined 15,000 Pennsylvanians at the 2013 Walk to End Alzheimer's at Citizen's Bank Park in Philadelphia. It was the largest such walk in our commonwealth.
Unfortunately, Pennsylvania has the fifth-highest statewide total in the nation of people suffering from Alzheimer's. I was honored to stand with so many committed volunteers, caregivers, friends, and family of those suffering from this disease.
An estimated 15,000 people attended the walk.
Research from the U.S. Census, Department of Labor, National Alliance for Caregiving, and the AARP estimates that Pennsylvania's Alzheimer's and dementia caregivers provide 760 million hours of unpaid care valued at over $9 billion. That's a staggering figure, and a true testament to their compassion and determination.
Thanks to the Delaware Valley Chapter of the Alzheimer's Association for organizing this Walk to End Alzheimer's. Go purple!
Look who Duncan ran into!
Supporting Our Veterans
I was honored to attend the 54th Annual Delaware County Veterans Day Parade with members of our Armed Forces last weekend in Media. It is so important that we recognize the extraordinary personal sacrifices our veterans have made for us. We would not be the society we are without them.
As a member of the Senate Veterans Jobs Caucus, I continue my efforts to help returning servicemen and women find jobs and enjoy the benefits they have earned. They have an incredible work ethic, superb training, and the knowledge and experience valued by employers. We just need to do a better job finding the right match for veterans and employers.
I would like to thank Media Mayor Bob McMahon for working with me to help veterans. I appreciate his leadership and support on this issue.
Learn more about my on-going efforts to help Pennsylvania's veterans.
Supporting Erie's Groundbreaking Cancer Research
Watch Erie's WICU tell the story of this promising new research.
It was great to meet this week with Mark Neidig, executive director of the
Kanzius Cancer Research Foundation
in Erie. Mark updated me on the success of the GenV machine which killed 100 percent of liver cancer in pigs, without side effects. The next step is to submit findings to the Food and Drug Administration. It is an amazing story of innovation and hope, and I am anxious to hear about the results of the clinical trials.
HOW CAN I HELP?
EMAIL US
FEDERAL GRANTS
VISITING D.C.
FLAG REQUESTS
FEDERAL AGENCY HELP
MORE
WHERE I STAND
Budget, Jobs &amp; the Economy
Education
Energy
Health Care
Israel and the Middle East
Life, Family and Marriage
National Security and Defense
Veterans
IN THE NEWS
News
Photo Blog
Video
Audio
Official Photos
Newsletter Archive
PLEASE CONTACT SENATOR TOOMEY AT ONE OF THE FOLLOWING OFFICES:
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
For more information, news, and contact details, please visit us at
http://toomey.senate.gov Unsubscribe
