
Official Site
|
Contact
|
Roberts Journal
|
News
Harry Reid Pulls the Trigger on &lsquo;Nuclear Option&rsquo;
As my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are now learning, Obamacare is a failure and is full of broken promises to the American people. Obamacare was approved without the support of a single Republican. And look how that turned out.
Now, with Harry Reid breaking the rules of the Senate and enacting the so-called nuclear option, Democrats are again shutting out the voice of the minority party. Senate Democrats are proving that not only are they willing to break promises, as was done in Obamacare, they are willing to break the rules to advance their agenda.
In trampling the minority, they provide the President with even more power. This administration has proven they cannot handle the power they have. The Democrat majority has permanently undermined the Senate. In reducing Senators to mere rubber stamps, the majority has forfeited our historical and constitutional authority to subject Presidential appointments to advice and consent, so this Administration can do whatever it wants. This cynical and desperate power grab will not be forgotten by the American people, nor the minority.
Click Here to View
Obamacare Enrollment Numbers Demonstrate Failure
Last week, the Obama administration released the dismal healthcare.gov enrollment numbers for the month of October. Fewer than 27,000 people enrolled through the federal exchange which covers 36 states, including Kansas. Only 371 Kansans signed up in the exchange. According to multiple media reports more than 9,000 Kansans are losing their coverage due to Obamacare.
The simple fact is more Americans are losing their health care plan as a result of Obamacare than have been able to sign up on this disastrous website. The enrollment numbers from October demonstrate failure. Not just the failure of a website, but a failure of the underlying law, a failure to keep promises to the American people, and, above all, a failure of leadership.
The President has apologized, but has done nothing to right his wrongs. Secretary Sebelius has asked to be held accountable, but has done nothing to show accountability. I did not vote for this law. No Republican voted for this law. This is President Obama&rsquo;s legacy. It&rsquo;s a law forced through Congress despite strong opposition from the majority of Americans. The enrollment numbers show Obamacare has and will continue to fail. It should be put to pasture, and Secretary Sebelius should resign for her failure to implement the exchange.
Click Here to View
Introducing Bipartisan Bill to Repeal Portion of Obamacare
I have introduced bipartisan, bicameral legislation that repeals a portion of Obamacare that prohibits people from using their medical savings account funds to buy over-the-counter (OTC) medications.
My legislation restores the ability of those participating in a medical savings account, such as a Flexible Savings Account (FSA), Health Savings Account (HSA), or other similar type of medical savings account, to use the funds to purchase OTC medications.
Because of Obamacare, responsible folks saving their money in FSAs or HASs may no longer use funds from these accounts to purchase OTC medications, like allergy medicine or anti-inflammatories, unless they have a prescription for the medication.
That&rsquo;s right they would need a prescription for Advil.
This absurd prohibition under Obamacare takes away choice and flexibility from individuals about how to manage their health care expenses and adds yet another burden to physicians.
Rather than promoting cost-effectiveness and accessibility, Obamacare directs people to potentially more costly, less convenient, and more time-consuming alternatives.
Unions Should Not be Exempt From Obamacare Taxes
This week I joined several of my colleagues in introducing a bill called the Union Tax Fairness Act. Our bill prevents union health care plans from being exempted from the Obamacare reinsurance tax.
The reinsurance tax is scheduled to begin in 2014 and requires all self-insured plans to pay a tax for each person covered under a health plan in order to help offset the cost of care for people with pre-existing conditions. The Obama administration&rsquo;s attempt to give their political allies an exemption, while still forcing this tax on the rest of us is downright wrong. Trying to give unions special treatment under a disastrous law they helped create is pure politics. Kansans know a payoff when they see one.
Announcing Service Academy Nominations
One of the greatest pleasures of serving as your Senator is nominating hardworking and bright young Kansans to attend our military service academies. Each year my Academy Screening Board meets to conduct personal interviews with the applicants, review their written applications, G.P.A. and standardized test scores, and make their recommendations on who we should nominate.
Once nominated the applicants then must meet the individual admission requirements of each academy. The academies will make the final decision on who will receive an appointment of admission. The
men and women we nominated this year
are outstanding representatives of Kansas in every way, and I wish them all the best as they pursue their education and service to our nation.
If you are interested in applying to a service academy next year, visit my website
HERE
to learn how to apply for a nomination.
Senator Roberts with one of this year&rsquo;s academy nominees at the Wichita Veterans Day Parade.
Check Senator Roberts' Website, YouTube and Facebook Sites for Updates
You can visit my YouTube site for more information on what's happening in Washington, D.C. and Kansas by visiting
www.youtube.com/SenPatRoberts . It's a great place to find speeches and debates on the Senate floor, press conferences, interviews and Senate hearings. You can also stay updated on all these happenings on my
Facebook
and
Twitter sites.
If you wish to contact me about an issue or want more information, please visit my website,
roberts.senate.gov .
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
