
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp;
Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact Us
November 10, 2013
Dear
Friend,
The debt
our nation owes to the men and women of the Armed Forces can never be
fully repaid. Every day, these brave heroes make countless sacrifices
to keep our families safe. Let us use this Veterans Day to reflect on
the service of every man and woman who has worn the uniform of the
United States military.
At
2013 Sharing &amp; Caring Boat Ride for SWPA
veterans.
Our
soldiers, sailors, Marines, guardsmen, and Merchant Marines advance toward
danger where others retreat. On this 60 th
anniversary of the
Korean War armistice, as we honor those who defended freedom in that
conflict, it is equally important to extend our gratitude to those who
have returned home from Vietnam, Iraq, Afghanistan, the becalmed
battlefields of Europe, and a Pacific conflict that destroyed an empire and
set millions on the path to liberty. These wars may have ended, but,
for many, the battle continues at home. Over the past year I have been
honored to take part in a series of public events, legislative
hearings, and discussions devoted to thanking our veterans and providing them
with the peace of mind they deserve from the support they have
earned.
The 2013 Washington County
Veterans Day parade, thanking those who kept us
free.
One out of every
14 Americans is a veteran. This Veterans Day, 10 percent of those
returning home from Iraq and Afghanistan will do so with Post-Traumatic
Stress Disorder (PTSD) and Traumatic Brain Injuries (TBI). On the
anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, when I
spoke
to members of the Armed Forces Foundation, we discussed the overdue
changes to veterans' healthcare that must occur in order to ensure our
wounded warriors get the treatment they deserve in a setting they
trust. In the conflicts that have followed that tragic day, the invisible
wounds of war carried home have been just as serious as those treated
on the battlefield. My Invisible Wounds of War Amendment to expand
veterans access to top behavioral health professionals became law in
2012, and my forthcoming
mental health legislation
will include reforms to TRICARE, making mental healthcare more
available for veterans with conditions like
PTSD.
Support must also extend beyond
individuals. Our region has some of the best military and veterans'
facilities in the country, and it's up to us to continue to make
Southwestern Pennsylvania a welcoming environment for our growing military
families. This includes keeping in place vital components like the
911th Airlift Wing , upgrading aircraft at the
171st Air National Guard
base, and guiding our region's
military construction boom to success, including finishing the new
Post Exchange , commissary, and
Navy
Reserve Operations and Support
Center .
Awarding the Purple Heart to veteran and Moon
Twp resident Louis
Adelmo.
There is an invisible yet acknowledged
contract between our country and the men and women who wear its uniform,
one built on trust and respect for sacrifice and service. This trust
has been
eroded
by the revelations of a deadly
Legionnaires' Disease outbreak at the Pittsburgh VA, the complacent
response that followed, and the inexcusable, taxpayer-subsidized bonuses
awarded to top VA officials while veterans were sickened or dying. I am
committed to holding these VA officials accountable, and reaffirming
the unspoken bond to our veterans, which is why I
organized
a field hearing by the House Veterans Affairs Committee in
Pittsburgh earlier this fall to investigate the bonus claims. I have
also sponsored legislation to require veterans hospitals to comply
with all applicable state laws and report cases of infectious diseases
like Legionnaires to public health agencies or face
penalties.
Meeting with Navy recruiters at
Freedom Fest, an annual event that highlights military and public
service.
Earlier this year I honored a local hero from Canonsburg named
Wayne Alderson. Sadly, Wayne left us in February, but in my
comments
about him on the House floor I repeated his
final words to me: Remember the veterans. Wayne, a WWII hero who was
awarded the Combat Infantry Badge, Silver Star, Bronze Star, and Purple
Heart for his courageous actions during the Rhineland campaign of 1945,
lived a life of purpose and sacrifice, and our community is greatly
impoverished by his
passing.
When President Dwight D. Eisenhower declared
the first Veterans Day, dramatically changing its emphasis from an
observance of the First Wold War, he intended that our nation should
honor the courage, valor, and love of country of those who have fought in
all conflicts across our history. This year I ask you to join me in
continuing the task laid out for us by President Eisenhower and carried
in the hearts of patriots such as Wayne Alderson: "Remember the
veterans." Take a moment to reflect this holiday on their sacrifice. Thank
a veteran, and help us create a more supportive community for our
military families. My entire staff is here to help. If you are an area
veteran, or know a veteran who needs help, my door is always open. Ask my
staff how we may be of assistance to you, and visit Murphy.House.Gov
to learn more.
God Bless our veterans, and God
Bless the United States of
America.
Sincerely,
Tim
Murphy
Member of
Congress
Please Feel
Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA
15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg Office
2040
Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724)
8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
