 Mail
begin
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
November 22, 2013
Unsubscribe
Update My
Profile
Website
|
Biography
|
Contact Me
|
Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
Newsroom
|
28th District
Dear Friend,
Welcome to my Washington Update, an
e-newsletter for the constituents of California's 28 th
Congressional District. This e-newsletter provides a way for you to keep me
informed of your views and interests. You can do this by clicking on the
survey question, which appears on the right. In addition to
participating in the survey, I would encourage you to send any more detailed
thoughts
by email .
Rep. Schiff Honors Veterans and our Military at Local Veterans Day
Celebrations
Rep. Schiff honored veterans
this past Veterans Day by attending ceremonies in several
communities throughout the 28 th
District. Schiff attended
the City of West Hollywoods Veterans Day Ceremony at Sal Guarriello
Veterans Memorial Park, the City of Burbanks Veterans Day Ceremony at
McCambridge Park War Memorial, Hollywood American Legion Post 43
Veterans Day Tribute, the La Crescenta Veterans Day Tribute hosted by the
American Legion Post 288 and Veterans for Foreign War Post 1614 at Two
Strike Park and a flag raising ceremony at the Vietnam Memorial in
Montrose.
Read More:
We h oVille: WeHo Veterans Day Ceremony Held at Sal Guariello
Memorial
Valley Sun:
Teen campaigns for U.S. prisoner of war in
Afghanistan
Rep. Schiff Skeptical of Iranian Intentions, But
Urges Congress to Give Ongoing Talks with Iran More
Time
With talks restarting this week between the world powers
and Irans government, Rep. Schiff this
week urged Congress to hold off on new sanctions against Iran until the
current negotiations conclude.
The sanctions have
succeeded in forcing Iran to the table, and a further round right
now
when it has the potential to derail the
negotiations
Is unnecessary. We will know soon enough whether the Iranian regime
is serious about a new direction in its nuclear program and its
relationship with the West.
If it is not, there will be ample
opportunity to tighten the stranglehold on Iran's economy, and further
sanctions will have my full support."
Rep. Schiff also joined CNNs
Situation Room to discuss the negotiations. Watch below or
click
here .
Read More:
CNN Op-Ed: A Skeptic Urges: Give Iran Talks
Time
Rep. Schiff Calls for the Armenian Orphan Rug to
be Released from the White House for Display at the
Smithsonian
Last week, Rep. Schiff called on the Obama
Administration to allow exhibition of the Armenian Orphan Rug at the
Smithsonian Museum. The rug, woven by orphans of the Armenian Genocide in
1920, was presented to President Calvin Coolidge in 1925 as thanks for
U.S. assistance during the genocide. The rug
which has been in
storage at the White House for decades
was supposed to be
released for exhibition in a Smithsonian event for the launch of Hagop
Martin Deranians new book President Calvin Coolidge and the Armenian
Orphan Rug. Unfortunately, the event was cancelled when the White
House refused to release the rug for display.
The decision by
the Administration to block display of the Armenian Genocide rug is
as inexplicable, as it is hurtful to the Armenian community,
Schiff explained. The rug is not only a symbol of the resilience of the
Armenian people through their darkest days, it also serves as a
tangible expression of the inherent truth that not only were 1.5 million
people killed in the first genocide of the 20 th
Century,
but that the American government was a central player in efforts to
call attention to the plight of the Armenian people and provide relief to
survivors.
The Administration has been reluctant to call
the Armenian Genocide what it was, a genocide, and this latest
decision to keep the rug out of the Smithsonian comes without
plausible explanation.
Schiff continued, The rug deserves to be
on display and the millions affected by the genocide deserve the
chance to see it
its my hope that the Administration will decide
to allow the rug, a symbol worthy of the Smithsonian, to be
released.
Read More:
Los Angeles
Times: White House urged to display Armenian Orphan Rug commemorating
genocide
Asbarez: Rep.
Schiff Urges Obama to Allow Orphan Rug Display
Los Angeles Daily News: Rep. Adam Schiff urges White
House to display Armenian orphan rug
Rep. Schiff Pledges Support for Victims of Typhoon Haiyan
in the Philippines
Since Typhoon Haiyan
devastated the Philippines on November 9, Rep. Schiff has been urging
constituents, members of Congress and international organizations to
provide support to the region to help the victims and communities affected
by the typhoon. As a member of the appropriations subcommittee that
funds foreign assistance, Rep. Schiff has also committed to looking into
a long term plan so that the region receives the assistance it needs
to recover from the devastating storm.
As news of the
storm lessens and media coverage subsides, Schiff remains committed to
ensuring that the people and communities affected get the attention
and assistance they require. To see what USAID is doing to provide aid
to those in need or to learn more about how you can help,
visit
http://www.usaid.gov/ haiyan .
News You Can
Use
Easy Tips to Manage Your Childrens Health
Stay up-to-date with
your childrens immunizations and developmental milestones with
an
easy tracking chart .
If youre struggling to pay for health insurance
for your kids, they may be eligible for the Childrens Health Insurance
Program (CHIP). CHIP offers free or low-cost medical coverage for
kids up to 19 years old including checkups, hospital visits, dental
coverage, immunizations and more.
Find out if theyre
eligible.
Find more
free guides on managing your childrens
health
from
infant to teen.
FDA Targets Trans Fat in Processed Foods
Partially hydrogenated oils, which are a major dietary source of trans fat,
may soon become unapproved food additives. Over the past decade, many
companies have reduced the amount of trans fat in their products, but
the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that further
reducing trans fat could prevent thousands of deaths and heart attacks
each year.
Learn about the Food and Drug
Administration's preliminary findings on partially hydrogenated oils and find out
what you can do to avoid trans
fat.
Pet
Jerky Treats Could Make Your Animal Sick
Recently the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has
received numerous reports from consumers and veterinarians about
thousands of dogs and cats getting sick from jerky treats. The FDA would
like to hear from you if your pet has also experienced illness because of
a jerky treat and urges pet owners to be cautious before feeding
jerky treats to their pets.
Learn more about jerky treat safety from the FDA .
You can always share your thoughts
through
Facebook
or
Twitter . Through these quick-read updates, I hope to keep you informed
of my work at home and in Washington, D.C. on issues of interest to
our communities, as well as provide an opportunity for you to keep me
informed of your views and interests.
As always, I welcome hearing
from you on these and any other issues, and hope that you will
stay in touch .
Sincerely,
Congressman Adam
Schiff
Earlier this month, the Senate
voted 62-34 to pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA)
legislation which would prohibit employment discrimination on the basis of
sexual orientation or gender identity. It is now up to Speaker Boehner to
bring the legislation to the House Floor for a vote. President Obama
has expressed support for the bill.
Should the House take up a vote on
ENDA? Yes. ENDA should become law
without delay. It will help eliminate discrimination in the workplace.
Yes. The House
should take up ENDA so that, regardless of the outcome, members of
Congress can have a chance to vote on the bill. No. If ENDA becomes law it could cause
unnecessary employment litigation and will hinder employment and cost
American jobs. No. It is
the Speaker's prerogative to choose what to bing to the floor and
there are much higher priorities than ENDA.
Other: *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter If you are having trouble, click
here.
Survey Results
Should the mandate on individuals be
delayed as well?
Answer
Total
Yes. Obamacare is bad policy and will result in higher
healthcare costs for everyone. The mandate needs to be reversed or at least
delayed until 2015.
25.50%
Yes. It makes sense to delay the
mandate in light of website and other rollout problems.
12.40%
No. The individual mandate is essential to the proper functioning of
the law, and without it only unhealthy people will enroll driving up
costs.
31.60%
No. The website and other start-up problems
will be resolved long before the March deadline.
30.50%
Contact Information
Washington,
DC
2411 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4176
Facsimile: (202) 225-5828
Burbank
Office
245 E. Olive Ave., #200
Burbank, California
91502
Phone: (818) 450-2900
Phone: (323)
315-5555
Facsimile: (818) 450-2928
Update My
Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
