
It was a Friday afternoon and I was in the reading room at the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service. The date was November 22, 1963 and I had been at college in Washington for just a few weeks. It started out like any other day until someone opened the door and announced, &ldquo;The President has been shot.&rdquo; At that moment the library, and the entire city, came to a full stop.
I grabbed my books and rushed outside. Cars were stopped in the streets, and people were leaning in listening to news bulletins on car radios. Within minutes, they reported that President John F. Kennedy had died. A pall fell over the nation.
Soon, we learned he was shot by a man named Lee Harvey Oswald - a now infamous name in American history. At the time questions were swirling around: Who was this gunman? How could one man shooting a rifle from an upper floor at the Texas Book Depository hit the President in his speeding motorcade? Was there anyone else involved in this assassination of our President?
That Sunday, I walked from Georgetown to the White House to stand with thousands as the President&rsquo;s casket was moved. It was being carried on a horse drawn wagon up Pennsylvania Avenue to lie in state within the Capitol Rotunda. The scene at the White House was quiet and dignified. You could hear the horses&rsquo; hooves as they pulled the wagon down the drive in front of the hushed crowd, just a few feet from where I was standing.
As the funeral proceeded towards the Capitol, I ran with a few friends down side streets to get in line at the rotunda entrance. As we approached the Capitol grounds, our plans changed.
There were thousands crowded near the grounds, unable to reach the Capitol building. As we stood waiting in line, many people were following the news. They had small transistor radios pressed to their ears, intently listening. Someone said, &ldquo;Oswald&rsquo;s been shot!&rdquo; It was stunning news. With the line barely moving, we headed back to Georgetown.
The funeral mass from St. Matthew&rsquo;s on Monday was broadcast over the television. I watched as Jackie Kennedy gathered Caroline and John John to stand in respect as the president&rsquo;s casket departed from St. Matthew&rsquo;s Cathedral. John John&rsquo;s salute to his fallen father broke my heart and millions of hearts across America. The country had lost a truly beloved man.
Remembering President Kennedy&rsquo;s Legacy
It is hard to believe it&rsquo;s been 50 years since President Kennedy&rsquo;s death. November 22, 1963, forever altered the course of American history. Those who remember that day are left with heavy hearts and lasting images.
As I reflect, I remember the vision President Kennedy had for the country he loved so much. A United States that was always moving forward, not backward. An America that looked to the future, constantly innovating and striving to reach new heights. And most importantly, a nation that embodies liberty and freedom not just in word, but in policy.
I will always remember that afternoon in the library at Georgetown, along with the heartbreaking image of Jackie Kennedy standing with her children as her husband&rsquo;s casket departed from St. Matthew&rsquo;s, and the church bells pealing for days. The somber feeling will always stay with me. And I hope that on November 22, 2013, we can remember all the good which President Kennedy stood for, and why he was beloved by so many people far and wide.
Stay Informed
Stay informed on what I am doing for Illinois and what is happening in Congress by visiting my
website .
If you have a question, a comment, or are in need of assistance, please contact my office at one of the phone numbers below or
send me an email .
Office phone numbers:
Washington, DC:
(202) 224-2152 Chicago:
(312) 353-4952 Springfield:
(217) 492-4062 Carbondale:
(618) 351-1122 Rock Island:
(309) 786-5173
You can also follow me on these services:
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin
