
November 21, 2013
Alzheimer's Disease: An Urgent National Priority
Citing the devastating emotional and economic toll that Alzheimer's
disease takes on more than five million Americans and their families,
Senator Collins, along with Senator Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota,
introduced a bipartisan Senate Resolution declaring that the goal of
preventing and effectively treating Alzheimer's by 2025 is an "urgent
national priority."
Consider the following:
*	More than five million Americans have Alzheimer's disease, more
than double the number in 1980.
*	Based on current projections, as many as 16 million Americans
over the age of 65 will have Alzheimer's disease by 2050.
*	Alzheimer's costs the United States more than $200 billion a
year--including $142 billion in costs to Medicare and Medicaid
alone--yet only about $500 million is allocated to Alzheimer's research
funding annually to improve treatment and find a cure.
*	If nothing is done to slow or stop the disease, the Alzheimer's
Association estimates that Alzheimer's will cost the United States an
astonishing $20 trillion over the next 40 years.
The resolution, which was introduced during Alzheimer's Disease
Awareness Month, recognizes that dramatic increases in research funding
are necessary to meet the 2025 goal and urges Congress to double the
amount of funding the United States spends on Alzheimer's research in
2015, as well as develop a plan to meet the target of $2 billion a year
as recommended by the experts of the federal Alzheimer's Advisory
Council.
Watch Senator Collins' speech from the Senate floor:
(Click the play button above to view the video)
The resolution has been endorsed by the Alzheimer's Association and
USAgainstAlzheimer's, two leading national advocacy groups.
(Click the letters above to read them)
The Alzheimer's Association, Maine Chapter also applauded Senator
Collins' efforts:
"The Alzheimer's Association, Maine Chapter is so appreciative
of Senator Collins for her leadership on this issue. We estimate that
more than 37,000 Maine families are living with this devastating
disease and that, as the baby boomer generation in Maine continues to
age, thousands more families will face it in the coming years," said
Executive Director Laurie Trenholm. "Senator Collins recognizes that
this is a critical issue for the people of Maine and this country. We
strongly support her resolution to increase funding for research as it
represents a commitment to our vision of a world without Alzheimer's
disease. There are countless volunteer advocates here in Maine who are
working alongside the Senator towards this vision and we are so proud
that Maine is leading this fight."
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
November
21, 2013
Alzheimer's
Disease: An Urgent National Priority
Citing the devastating emotional and economic toll that Alzheimer's disease takes on more than five
million Americans and their families, Senator Collins, along with Senator Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota,
introduced a bipartisan Senate Resolution declaring that the goal of preventing and effectively
treating Alzheimer's by 2025 is an "urgent national priority."
Consider the following:
More than five million Americans have Alzheimer's disease,
more
than double
the number in 1980.
Based on current projections,
as many as 16
million Americans
over the age of 65 will have Alzheimer's disease by 2050.
Alzheimer's
costs the United States
more than $200 billion
a year--including $142 billion in costs
to Medicare and Medicaid alone-- yet only about
$500 million is allocated to Alzheimer's
research funding annually to improve treatment and find a cure.
If nothing is done to
slow or stop the disease, the Alzheimer's Association estimates that
Alzheimer's will cost
the United States an astonishing $20 trillion over the next 40 years .
The resolution, which was introduced during Alzheimer's Disease Awareness Month, recognizes that
dramatic increases in research funding are necessary to meet the 2025 goal and urges Congress to double
the amount of funding the United States spends on Alzheimer's research in 2015, as well as develop
a plan to meet the target of $2 billion a year as recommended by the experts of the federal Alzheimer's
Advisory Council.
Watch Senator Collins' speech from the Senate floor:
(Click the play button above to view the video)
The resolution has been endorsed by the Alzheimer's Association and USAgainstAlzheimer's,
two leading national advocacy groups.
(Click
the letters above to read them)
The
Alzheimer's Association, Maine Chapter also applauded Senator Collins' efforts:
"The Alzheimer's Association, Maine Chapter is so appreciative of Senator Collins for her leadership
on this issue. We estimate that more than 37,000 Maine families are living with this devastating disease
and that, as the baby boomer generation in Maine continues to age, thousands more families will face
it in the coming years," said
Executive Director Laurie Trenholm . "Senator Collins recognizes
that this is a critical issue for the people of Maine and this country. We strongly support her resolution
to increase funding for research as it represents a commitment to our vision of a world without Alzheimer's
disease. There are countless volunteer advocates here in Maine who are working alongside the Senator
towards this vision and we are so proud that Maine is leading this fight."
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax:
(202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
