
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Doug LaMalfa
Representing the 1st District
November 08, 2013
Dear
David,
Earlier this week, I
joined residents of the North State for a town hall event at the Lassen
County Fairgrounds. Constituents were invited to get updates on federal
legislation and give their views on important issues. We discussed a
variety of issues including Obamacare, immigration, and local district
concerns facing our communities and families today.
I want to
thank everyone who came out and participated in the event. It was
great to hear from you! If you could not make it and would like to share
your thoughts or concerns regarding a certain topic, you can
email me
or call my office.
If you want to learn
more about what I have been working on in Washington, please visit my
website.
Sincerely,
Rep. LaMalfa
answering questions at his Susanville town hall
event.
Protecting
Agriculture from Unrealistic Floodplain
Regulations
Last week, I joined Representative John Garamendi in introducing a
bipartisan measure to protect farms and ranches from new flood rules
that prevent them from growing. Our bill, H.R.
3315 ,
exempts agricultural structures like barns, sheds and silos from FEMA
requirements that effectively prohibit construction in areas
designated as floodplains. These regulations, which apply to new construction
and rehabilitation of existing buildings, require structures to be
raised above any potential flood lines
a requirement that is too costly
and impractical for large structures like equipment sheds and pole
barns.
Were trying to bring some common sense to the new
federal flood regulations and allow our regions agriculture to continue
growing. While most flood regulations make sense, farmers need to replace
old buildings as they wear out and build new ones as their businesses
grow. Agriculture is the backbone of the North States economy, and
we need to ensure that it can continue growing well into the future.
This bill would provide much needed regulatory relief to farmers and
ranchers in the North State.
Rep. LaMalfa meeting with students from
Lyman Gilmore Middle
school.
Veterans
Update
Our veterans deserve swift and fair consideration of their disability
claims, and I know firsthand of many in our district who have had to
wait far too long. The backlog that has formed in the last decade is
unacceptable and unconscionable, and rewarding this backlog by spending
$400 million a year on employee bonuses does not seem to be the answer
to the problem. I voted in support of a package of bills this week to
support much-needed reform within the Department of Veterans Affairs,
which currently has a backlog of hundreds of thousands of cases.
Among the bills are measures to eliminate millions in bonuses to VA staff,
ensure that veterans denied serviced are automatically offered
appeals and assist homeless veterans. We need to see the veterans of this
country treated with respect, and well keep working until this problem
is resolved.
The measures passed on the House floor include
the following:
HR 2189:
Empowers a
task force to evaluate the backlog of disability claims of the
Department of Veterans Affairs and recommend solutions.
HR 2481 : Establishes the Veterans Economic Opportunity
Administration (VEOA) to manage the GI Bill and veterans housing and
employment programs. The measure also extends the $50 million Homeless
Veteran Reintegration Program.
HR 1405 :
Ensures that veterans whose claims are denied have immediate access
to information to submit an appeal, and cuts $55 million from the
bonuses that the Department of Veterans Affairs can pay its federal
employees.
Opening of
Redding Veterans Home
Last month, I welcomed North
State veterans to the opening of the Redding Veterans Home, which is
now accepting residents and will eventually be home to at least 150
veterans. As a member of the California State Senate and Assembly, I
worked for many years with the community and other lawmakers to secure
operational funds from the state. This home is the product of years of
work by the community to ensure that our veterans receive the services
they have earned. Not only is it a symbol of the North States respect
for the sacrifices that our veterans have made, it is a recognition
of the fact that our region is home to a disproportionate number of men
and women who have served our nation. Fulfilling our promises to them
is the least that we can do.
Residential applications for
eligible veterans aged 55 and older may be found
here .
Employment applications may be found
here .
Rep. LaMalfa speaking at the opening of the
Redding Veterans'
home.
Water Resources
Reforms
California and our nation have vital needs, particularly in the area of
flood control, that this bill will help address. Looking around
California, how many good, solid projects have been studied to death while
our states needs go unmet? Limiting interminable and expensive
studies will go a long way toward ensuring that crucial projects are
actually completed on a timely basis.
Recently, I voted in favor of
a water resources reform measure that streamlines environmental
regulations, puts hard deadlines on studies and caps project review costs.
The measure, H.R.
3080 , passed on a 417-3 vote and
will now be considered in a conference committee with the
Senate.
Known as the Water Resources Reform and Development Act, key
components of H.R. 3080 include the following:
Standardizes
across the nation the three-year, $3 million cap on project studies
that was successfully used on the Feather River West Levee upgrade, which
broke ground in August.
Authorizes several projects that
have been recommended by the Army Corp of Engineers with a Chiefs
Report, including the Natomas Basin levee
improvements.
Consolidates or eliminates duplicative review processes at the Army
Corp.
Deauthorizes $12 billion in old, inactive projects
across the nation; all new projects are offset with deauthorizations of
old projects.
If You Like Your
Plan, You Can Keep It
Over the past month, I have
heard from many of my constituents across the North State who shared
their Obamacare stories and experiences of increased costs and dropped
coverage, in fact, over
900,000
in California alone
will lose their current coverage.
In selling the health care
law, the President repeated made a simple promise to the American
public: If you like your health care plan, youll be able to keep your
health care plan. Unfortunately, that is not the case for the millions
of Americans losing their coverage. For this reason, I have personally
cosponsored a measure that would ensure the administration follows
through on their promise. H.R.
3350 , the Keep Your
Health Plan, would allow health plans that were available at the start
of this year to continue to be offered next year, allowing individuals
the choice to continue enrolling in those plans that they like and can
afford.
Americans are being told they have to buy product
that is too expensive and not accessible or face a fine. Less access,
fewer choices, skyrocketing premiums, and now a faulty system is exactly
the wrong direction from what Presidents health plan promised to
provide. For months now, House Republicans warned this law is not ready
for prime time and have asked for fair relief for all Americans. Its
unfair, unaffordable, and now unworkable. I look forward to working
with my colleagues to enact patient-centered reforms that keep costs down
while improving quality of care.
How is Obamacare
(Affordable Care Act) affecting you, your family, or your business? Please let
me know by taking my survey below. I look forward to hearing from
you.
Tell Us Your Obamacare
Story
Share your stories here and let us know how
the President's health care reform is impacting your life.
Share Your Story
Here
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically
send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to
send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
OFFICE
LOCATIONS:
Washington, DC Office
506 Cannon House Office Building Washington, DC 20515
Telephone: 202-225-3076
Oroville District Office
1453 Downer Street Suite A Oroville, CA 95965
Telephone: (530) 534-7100
Fax: (530)
534-7800
Redding District
Office
2885 Churn Creek Rd. Suite C Redding, CA
96002
Telephone: (530) 223-5898
Fax: (530) 223-5897
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
