
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the
message online .
Home
|
Biography
|
Contact Us
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
Legislation
|
Student Center
|
4th District
2013 October
Newsletter
INDEX
Rep. Hall
receives Patriot Award from Congressional Medal of Honor Foundation at the
2013 Patriot Award Dinner on October
19.
Breaking
News
ObamaCare Open Enrollment
Begins
Share Your
Story
Ongoing
Efforts
The Democrat
Shutdown
Efforts to Prevent a Government
Shutdown
Administration Closes Open-Air Veterans
Memorials
Opposing the Senate Budget
Deal, Passing a Responsible Budget
Returning Withheld Pay to U.S. Treasury for Debt
Reduction
House Efforts to
Promote Job Creation and Economic
Growth
Protecting Valuable Jobs at Texas Waterways and
Ports
Promoting Jobs by Cutting Unnecessary
Regulations in the Dodd-Frank
Act
Helping Our Veterans and Military
Communities
Addressing VA Disability
Backlog
Rebuilding BRAC-Affected Military
Communities
Judge Paul Brown
United States Courthouse
Looking Ahead
Veterans
Day
Thanksgiving
BREAKING NEWS
ObamaCare Open Enrollment
Begins
On October 1, open enrollment for
ObamaCare exchanges began with the launch of the website, healthcare.gov.
The website continues to suffer from crashes and system failures
and
the hotline is not faring much better. The websites disastrous
rollout contradicts claims from the Administration and the websites
contractors that the site was on track and would be ready October
1.
In an effort to provide
transparency, accountability, and fairness to the American people
whose taxpayer
dollars funded this $634 million website, the Energy and Commerce
Committee recently held two hearings. On October 24, the Committee met
with head contractors in charge of building the website. During the
hearing, contractors reported that the site had crashed just days before
the official launch. In addition, recently-released Administration
notes indicate only six users successfully enrolled in the health
insurance plans through the federal exchange on the first day it went live.
Contractors also discussed serious privacy and security problems that
will make users vulnerable to identity theft.
To learn more about
this hearing,
CLICK
HERE .
On October 30, the Committee met
with Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sibelius. Committee
Members questioned her about the disastrous rollout and other concerns
yet to be addressed, including the fact that many Americans across
the country are losing their current health care plans due to new
regulations and requirements under ObamaCare.
To learn more about this
hearing,
CLICK HERE .
While the website is a
problem that must be addressed, the larger issue lies with Obamacare
itself. This bad law is a government overreach into citizens health care
decisions, and with enrollment now open, Americans are beginning to
learn that one of the Presidents most frequently repeated promises
If you like your plan, you can keep it. Period
is untrue. In fact,
over 2 million Americans have already learned their current health care
plan will be dropped (according to CBS news). And at least 129
million Americans (68%) are estimated to lose their current health care plan
by the end of 2014, according to
Christopher
Conover , a research scholar in the Center for Health Policy &amp;
Inequalities Research at Duke University and an adjunct scholar at the
American Enterprise Institute.
In addition to Americans losing
their health care coverage, prices for the ObamaCare exchanges are
proving to be an unaffordable redistribution of wealth from younger,
healthier generations to older generations. The sticker shock of
ObamaCare is a disincentive to these younger folks who may choose to opt out
of health care and pay the fine instead. And without enough young
people to foot the costs for older generations, costs under ObamaCare
will continue to rise. The table below shows the average one-month
premium change in buying health insurance in the non-group market vs. the
ObamaCare exchanges, according to a
Manhattan
Institute study
published by Forbes:
Comparing Costs of Buying Health Insurance, Pre- and Post-
ObamaCare
Before
ObamaCare
(unsubsidized)
After
ObamaCare
(unsubsidized)
After ObamaCare
(with median
subsidy)
Male
Adult, Age 27
$133
$201
(+52%)
$188
(+41%)
Female Adult, Age
27
$165
$201 (+22%)
$157 (-5%)
Male Adult, Age 64
$465
$545
(+17%)
$377
(-19%)
Female Adult, Age
64
$430
$545
(+27%)
$292
(-32%)
Share Your Story
There are many things
wrong with ObamaCare
it is a bad law that limits freedom of
choice, increases health care costs, decreases quality of care, and hurts
jobs. Your personal stories about how ObamaCare is affecting you goes
a long way in combating the Administrations false narrative that
people are saving money
I invite you to share your stories with me by
emailing me at
TX04.healthcare@mail.house.gov .
Rest assured I will continue to do everything I can to defund
this bad law and replace it with responsible health care reform in order
to provide Americans personal, job, financial, and health
security.
ONGOING
EFFORTS
The
Democrat Shutdown
Efforts to Prevent a Government
Shutdown
One of the chief ongoing debates in Congress
between Democrats and Republicans is the need to rein in federal
spending. And why do we need to rein in spending? Because Washingtons $17
trillion spending habit has helped to weaken Americas economy to the
point where only 63.2% of Americans are participating in the work force.
American families are struggling . This Administration has
demonstrated its lack of fiscal restraint and responsibility, and now more
than ever, taxpayers shouldnt be asked to hand the federal
government more money without dollar-for-dollar spending cuts. Anything less is
irresponsible.
With this fiscal responsibility to the American
people in mind, the House worked throughout the year to pass responsible
appropriations bills for Fiscal Year 2014 before the October 1 deadline.
Unfortunately, the Senate failed to pass a single appropriations
bill.
In an effort to pass a responsible budget and avoid a government
shutdown, the House then made four attempts to negotiate a budget
solution with the Senate
including three Continuing Resolutions to fully
fund the government, and a request to meet in person for a discussion.
The Senate adamantly and purposefully refused to participate in any
dialogue to keep the government open for the American people, knowing
full well its refusal would force the government to shut
down.
The
Senates refusal to negotiate was spurred by the Presidents early
declaration that he would not negotiate with Republicans. Therefore, the
consequences of the shutdown rest largely on the shoulders of the
President and Democrat-controlled Senate.
Administration Closes Open-Air
Veterans Memorials
In an attempt to make the
government shutdown as painful as possible, the Administration erected
barricades around National open-air memorials, monuments, and parks. The
Administration then ordered furloughed Park Rangers to stand guard at the
barricades to prevent people from entering.
When I learned of the
Administrations action and that visiting Honor Flight veterans would be
barred from entering the World War II Memorial, I joined fellow Texas
Republicans and went to the memorial with wire cutters to make sure
these veterans, who made the greatest sacrifice for their country and
traveled from all over, would be able to see the memorial built in their
honor.
The decision to lock veterans out of a memorial built in
remembrance of their service to this great country is a dishonor to the
sacrifice of all veterans who have served, as well as the troops who are
serving today. It was equally unfair to the military families and
friends who lost loved ones and wanted to pay tribute to their fallen
heroes but were unable to do so. American citizens should be allowed to
properly pay tribute to the servicemen and women who bravely fought on
their behalf.
Rep. Hall brings wire cutters to open the WWII Memorial for
visiting WWII Honor Flight
Veterans.
Opposing the Senate Budget Deal, Passing a Responsible
Budget
On October 16, the House voted on H.R. 2775, the
Senates budget deal to fund the government through January 15, 2014;
extend the debt ceiling through February 7, 2014; and set up further
negotiations for a long-term budget. The bill, which I opposed along with a
majority of Republicans, passed the House 285-144 with unanimous
Democrat support.
Throughout the government shutdown, my constituents
called and wrote to my office. An overwhelming majority asked I vote for
a budget solution that reins in spending, doesnt increase the debt,
and works to defund Obamacare. The constituents of the 4th District
elected me to represent their views in Washington, and I take this
responsibility seriously.
That is why I voted against the Senates
budget deal
it does not respect the views and concerns of the
majority of those I represent.
Included in the Senates budget
deal is a provision that temporarily suspends the debt limit. This is
grossly irresponsible, and on October 31 I voted with a House majority
to pass H.J.Res. 99, a bill to prohibit the President from suspending
the debt limit.
Although the government needed to be reopened, it
should have been done with a more responsible budget solution. In the
coming months, as the House and Senate continue to work towards a
long-term budget, I will work for a solution that promotes jobs, economic
health, and personal freedom for all Americans. That is what hardworking
taxpayers deserve.
Returning Withheld Pay to U.S. Treasury for Debt
Reduction
In fairness to the American people who
were affected by the government shutdown, including furloughed federal
employees, I sent a
letter to the Chief
Administrative Officer
requesting that my pay be withheld for the duration of
the government shutdown. At the end of the month, when members of
Congress received their salary, I then returned my withheld pay back to
the U.S. Treasury to be put towards debt reduction.
Rep. Hall returns pay withheld
during the government shutdown back to the U.S. Treasury to be put toward
debt
reduction.
House Efforts to Promote Job
Creation and Economic Growth
With the number of
eligible Americans participating or looking for work at the lowest it has
been since 1978 (63.2%),
promoting job creation and economic
growth remains my top priority . And while the government
doesnt create jobs, it
does
make policy decisions that impact our
economy. This month the House passed several bills to promote job
creation and economic growth.
Protecting Valuable Jobs at Texas Waterways and
Ports
On October 23, the House passed H.R. 3080,
the
Water Resources Reform and Development Act
(WRDDA). The
Marine Transportation System (MTS) is a vital part of our nations
economic infrastructure for its role in transporting goods both
domestically and internationally. Waterways and ports currently support 207,970
Texas jobs and contribute $34 billion directly into Texas economy.
However, the Martine Transportation System is aging. This bill would
responsibly modernize the Marine Transportation System (MTS), promote
job creation, boost the economy by billions of dollars
both nationally
and in Texas, and strengthen Americas global competitiveness and
ability to export goods.
Promoting Jobs by Cutting Unnecessary Regulations
in the Dodd-Frank Act
In October I also voted
in favor of two bipartisan bills to strengthen economic opportunities
for individuals and small businesses by addressing excessive and
unnecessary regulations imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act. One of the most
obvious steps Congress can take to encourage job creation is to cut down
the heavy burden of complex federal regulations. Although certain
regulations are necessary to maintain safety and accountability, its
important to ensure regulations are fair and that costs dont outweigh
benefits. Subjecting small business owners, farmers, ranchers, and
manufacturers to new Dodd-Frank regulations designed for big Wall Street firms
is not only unfair, but it is harmful to the economy and job
security.
On October 29, the House passed H.R. 2374,
the Retail Investor
Protection Act . This bill requires the Department of Labor to
postpone new fiduciary regulations until the Securities Exchange
Commission (SEC) finalizes its own rule on fiduciary care standards. Without
this bill, the Department of Labor regulations could increase costs
that would be passed on to consumers.
On October 30, the House passed
H.R. 992,
the Swaps Regulatory Improvement Act . This bill
protects farmers, ranchers, manufacturers, and small business owners from
overbearing regulations that would hurt their ability to manage risk
and protect themselves from fluctuations in the price of fuel,
fertilizer, and other commodities. The bill allows federal banks to continue
providing risk-mitigation efforts to farmers, ranchers, manufacturers,
and small business owners.
I will continue my efforts to promote job
creation and economic growth in the 4th District and across the nation
these are the top priorities of my constituents, and I remain
focused on representing their views.
Helping Our Veterans and Military
Communities
Addressing VA Disability
Backlog
Veterans make up a good portion of Texas population, and the
4th District is proud to be the home of over 60,000 veterans. These
brave men and women are our family, friends, and neighbors, and people
across the 4th District are honored to lend support to our veterans
who sacrificed much on behalf of our country.
In continuing my longtime
support of veterans, in October I voted in favor of six bills to
provide assistance and due recognition to our nations veterans. Of
particular interest to the 4th District of Texas is H.R. 2189, a bill to
evaluate the ever-increasing backlog of disability claims of the
Department of Veterans Affairs and provide responsible solutions to address
the problem.
One of the biggest difficulties our veterans face is
obtaining disability benefits. The two Veterans Affairs regional offices
in Texas
located in Waco and Houston
are two of the lowest
performing regional offices in the country. The fact that thousands of our
nations heroes cannot receive adequate health benefits to address
disabilities from their active duty service is unacceptable. H.R. 2189 will
assess the claims process and offer solutions to address the backlog
so that our veterans receive efficient, effective health
benefits.
I
will continue to support our troops and veterans
they are a valued
part of our community and the freedom we all enjoy is a result of their
courage and commitment. It is right we do all we can to repay them for
their sacrifices.
Full
list of veterans bills passed by the House in October:
1) H.R.
3304
, To authorize and request the President to award the Medal
of Honor to Bennie G. Adkins and Donald P. Sloat of the United States
Army for acts of valor during the Vietnam Conflict and to authorize
the award of the Medal of Honor to certain other veterans who were
previously recommended for award of the Medal of Honor
2)
H.R. 1742,
Vulnerable Veterans Housing Reform Act of
2013
3) H.R. 2189,
To establish a commission or task force
to evaluate the backlog of disability claims of the Department of
Veterans Affairs
4) H.R. 2481,
Veterans Economic
Opportunity Act of 2013
5) H.R. 1405 , To amend
title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs
to include an appeals form in any notice of decision issued for the
denial of a benefit sought
6) H.R. 2011 ,
Veterans Advisory Committee on Education Improvement
Act
Rebuilding
BRAC-Affected Military Communities
Military bases are the
heartbeat of defense communities
they provide jobs and economic
value to the local community, as well as a sense of pride and
togetherness. I am a proud representative of a valuable defense community in
Texarkana
the Red River Army Depot, and on October 31 I joined Rep. Mike
Thompson (D-CA) in sponsoring H.R. 3439, the
New Markets Tax
Credit Military Installation Act of 2013 . This bill helps military
communities affected by base realignment and closure (BRAC) decisions
rebuild by strengthening the New Markets Tax Credit (NMTC)
program.
While I have been outspoken in my disagreement with the Department of
Defense for its BRAC decisions at a time when we still have so many
troops overseas and there is so much political unrest in unfriendly
nations, I believe we must look for solutions. We should do all we can to
responsibly help BRAC-affected communities rebuild.
In 2005, when the
Red River Army Depot was scheduled to close down due to the BRAC
process, everyone in Texarkana rallied together to make our case to the
Department of Defense. We were fortunate to save the Red River Army Depot
and preserve 5,000 jobs in the area. However, other military
communities across the country were not as fortunate. The hard work and efforts
performed by the citizens at our military bases continue to help keep
our troops safe, and we owe these people for their hard work and
dedication.
To learn more about this bill,
CLICK
HERE .
Rep. Hall attends the Million Vets March at the WWII
Memorial
Judge Paul Brown United States
Courthouse
Judge Paul Brown was a respected and beloved
member of the Sherman community who was known for his distinguished
career as U.S. Judge spanning more than 21 years. He had a sterling
reputation for running an efficient and orderly courtroom, and upholding a
high standard of personal work ethic and judicial
integrity.
In order
to pay tribute to one of America's outstanding Federal Judges and his
many years of service on behalf of our Nation, I introduced H.R. 185
earlier this year to name the federal courthouse in Sherman the Paul
Brown United States Courthouse. And on October 22, I was pleased to
have the House pass this bill so that Judge Browns years of public
service may be recognized and remembered for generations to
come.
Although this bill passed the House in December last year, the Senate did
not pass it before the end of the 112th Congress. I am happy this bill
has the support of all the East Texas Judges and I hope to see the
Senate take it up soon.
LOOKING
AHEAD
On Monday, November 11, Americans will celebrate Veterans
Day and honor all those who have fought and sacrificed for our
country throughout our Nations history
including all those who fight
today. I thank our troops, both past and present, for their service to
this Great Nation, and my prayers go out to those whose loved ones were
injured or killed while serving.
I also want to wish everyone in the
4th District a safe and happy Thanksgiving. As Americans, we truly do
have many blessings to be thankful for.
My constituents continue to tell me their top
priorities are job creation, economic growth, reining in spending,
passing a responsible budget, and defunding ObamaCare. As the end of the
year approaches, I will continue working to represent your views in
Washington.
Your
input on these issues and other concerns are valuable, and
I invite you to contact
me
and share your opinions so that I may best
represent you.
Have a safe and happy Thanksgiving,
Sincerely,
Ralph M. Hall
Share
on Facebook Share on Twitter
Please Feel
Free to Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2405 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515-0001
Tel No: 202-225-6673
Fax:
202-225-3332
Rockwall, TX
104 N. San Jacinto St.
Rockwall, TX
75087-2508
Phone: 972-771-9118
Fax: 972-722-0907
**Main District
Office**
Linden, TX
123 Kaufman St., Room 102
Linden, TX 75563-0449
Phone: 903-306-0540
Fax: 855-858-36300
Sherman, TX
Grayson County Courthouse
100 W.
Houston St., 2nd Floor
Sherman, TX
75090-6019
Phone: 903-813-4281
Fax:
903-868-8613
Texarkana, TX
4303 Texas Blvd., Suite 2
Texarkana, TX 75503-3094
Phone: 903-794-4445
Fax:
903-794-5577
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 