
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
CONTACT
US
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
ISSUES AND LEGISLATION
November 18, 2013
Lynns Weekly Update
Keep Your Health Plan Act; ObamaCare Enrollment; Medicare Update;
WRRDA; Common Ground Award
Sheriff of the
Year:
Congratulations to Cherokee County Sheriff David Groves
for being named the 2013 Kansas Sheriff of the Year. Thank you to
Sheriff Groves and all our law enforcement officials for everything they do
to keep our communities safe.
Keep Your Health Plan
Act
On Friday, the U.S. House of Representatives
passed
H.R. 3350 , the
Keep Your Health Plan
Act , by a bipartisan vote of 261-157, to give hardworking families
some relief from the negative consequences of the Presidents health
care law, especially those who are losing the health insurance coverage
they like as a result of this law.
Millions of Americans are
receiving cancellation letters informing them they will lose their
health care plans they liked and that fit their health care needs. Many of
them are now being forced to pay higher premiums for alternative,
Washington-approved plans, including thousands of Kansans from Topeka,
Pittsburg, Baldwin City, and Osage City, some of whom have contacted me
to tell their stories. The
Keep Your Health Plan Act
will
help prevent even more families from being put in this same
position.
On Thursday, I spoke on the House floor to share a familys
story, from Osage City, about their son losing his health care plan.
Watch below .
Before President Obama signed his law, he knew
millions of people would lose their health insurance plan, and he misled
the American people for three years.
Yet, he still claims he
will veto the
Keep Your Health Plan Act
to allow Americans to
keep their plan. It is time to put people before politics and help
families who are struggling due to this unaffordable and unworkable
law.
On Tuesday, I joined House leadership to discuss this bill
that would benefit American families, like a young married couple
from Pittsburg, Kansas, who contacted me about losing their health care
coverage.
Watch below .
ObamaCare Exchange Enrollment Numbers
The
administration released the ObamaCare Exchange enrollment data from
October this week. We learned only 371 Kansans were able to successfully
sign up for a health care plan on the federally-run ObamaCare Exchange
in the month of October, and only a mere 106,185 total Americans
signed up on both the federal and state exchanges across the country. These
numbers are abysmal; the administration has not met even 25 percent
of its enrollment goal for the first month.
I am deeply
concerned about the impact this law is having on Kansans. While only a few
hundred Kansans successfully signed up for insurance, one provider,
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Kansas, recently announced they are being
forced to cancel insurance plans for nearly 9,500 customers, because of the
new ObamaCare requirements. A 25:1 ratio of lost to gained
insurance plans is indefensible.
Medicare
Update
This week I held a tele-townhall for seniors in the Second
District who had questions about open enrollment season for Medicare,
and more than 15,000 Kansans participated in the call. I want to
reassure you that the Presidents health care law does not directly affect
your Medicare coverage. As Medicare beneficiaries, you already
have a qualified health plan and will not have to worry about enrolling
in the floundering ObamaCare exchange.
This year, Medicare
recipients who wish to make changes to their plan are able to adjust
their coverage plans from October 15 - December 7, and coverage changes
will go into effect on January 1, 2014. If you do not make changes by
December 7, you will need to wait until October 2014 to adjust your
plans. If you are happy with your current policy, you do not need to do
anything to remain in your current plan. However, I encourage all
Medicare beneficiaries to look at their plans, make sure your current plan
is still offered, and compare plans to ensure you are enrolled in the
one that best fits your needs.
WRRDA
Conferees
This week, Speaker John Boehner appointed the House
Republican negotiators to serve on the House-Senate Conference Committee in
charge of resolving the differences over the
Water
Resources Reform &amp; Development Act
(WRRDA).
WRDDA is
critically important to supporting our nations economy, strengthening
our U.S. transportation infrastructure and promoting our nations
competitiveness and economic growth. This bill specifically includes
authorization for the Topeka Flood Risk Management project, a need
identified as a top priority by a U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers Chief's Report finalized in 2009. Establishing a conference
committee brings us one step closer to helping Topeka correct deficiencies
with the Kansas River levee system, and ensuring the safety of those
who live near the river.
Common Ground
Award
I was honored to join Senator Joe Manchin (WV) to accept a
Common Ground Award
on behalf of the
No Labels Problem Solvers
coalition this week. Now with 87
members from both sides of the aisle, the Problem Solvers continue to
work to find areas where we can agree, and bring real solutions to the
table in order to address some of our nations toughest
challenges.
Did You Receive a Cancellation Letter from Your Health Insurance
Provider? Yes No Unsure If so, please feel free to share your
story below.''
Please subscribe me to your
Enewsletter If you
are having trouble, click here. Share on
Twitter Share on Facebook
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-MAIL
UPDATES
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
Click Here
*By
subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send
regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Washington, DC Office
1027 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6601
Fax: (202) 225-7986
Pittsburg Office
1001 N. Broadway Street #C
Pittsburg, KS 66762
Phone: (620)
231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Topeka Office
3550 SW 5th Street
Topeka, KS
66606
Phone: (785) 234-LYNN
(5966)
Fax: (785) 234-5967
Independence
Office
120 N. 6th Street
Independence, KS 67301
Phone: (620) 231-LYNN (5966)
Fax: (620) 231-5972
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail
end 