
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing the 36th District
November 19, 2013
Stockman wants Duncan fired for non apology for
racist, anti-women comments on Common
Core
WASHINGTON -- Congressman Steve Stockman said Tuesday
President Obama should fire Education Secretary Arne Duncan after what
Duncan termed an apology Monday never actually apologized for attacking
white women who oppose Common Core curriculum and calling their
children stupid.
Not only does Common Core dumb down our
schools, its dumbed down the Education Secretary, said Stockman. Its
time to expel Common Core from our schools and expel Arne Duncan from the
Obama administration.
Duncan did not deny the Obama
administration thinks less of Common Core critics who are white or
women. He did not deny the Obama administration thinks your children are
dumb. He just said his wording was clumsy, said Stockman. Obama has
no choice but to fire Duncan and apologize for his racist, sexist
attack on women and children.
Its fascinating to me that
some of the pushback is coming from, sort of, white suburban moms who
all of a sudden
their child isnt as brilliant as they thought they
were and their school isnt quite as good as they thought they were,
and thats pretty scary, Duncan said in a speech Friday in Richmond,
Va., addressing the Council of Chief State Schools Officers
Organization.
Duncans remarks were confirmed by Education
Department Assistant Secretary for Communications and Outreach Massie Ritsch
and reported Saturday by the Washington Post.
Duncan
attempted to walk back his comments Monday, but while he called his choice
of words clumsy he never denied the Obama administration thinks less
of women who question Common Core or their children.
A
few days ago, in a discussion with state education chiefs, I used some
clumsy phrasing that I regret
particularly because it distracted
from an important conversation about how to better prepare all of
Americas students for success, Duncan wrote Monday on the Education
Departments website.
His only regret is that his attitude
toward women distracts from his desire for more failed federal control
over local schools, said Stockman. Thats not an apology. Thats an
indictment.
Opposition to Common Core must be led by the
states.
Texas may not have officially taken Common Core
standards, but they did work with the same groups in the writing of the TEKS.
Texas needs to kill CScope and reject Race to the Top funding if we
are to get Washington mediocrity out of our schools, said
Stockman.
-30-
Do you want
Common Core dumbing down your schools? No! Yes *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click here.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from
my office to your e-mail account.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
