
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
November 15, 2013
Dear Friends,
On Monday, I traveled to New Hampshire to join Sen. Shaheen, D-N.H.,
for a discussion of our efforts to implement biennial budgeting to fix
our nation's broken system. In observance of Veterans Day, we stopped
to pay tribute to veterans at the bronze statue of Gen. Stark, who
served as a major general in the Continental Army during the American
Revolution.
This week, the Senate worked on H.R.3204, the Drug Quality and Security
Act, aimed at creating a safer compound drug supply.
Obamacare
This week I continued to voice my dismay over Obamacare and the
negative consequences it is having on Georgians across the state.
The Senate Republicans have launched an effort in which we ask
Americans across the country to share their stories about their
experiences with Obamacare. I have been overwhelmed with hundreds of
stories submitted by Georgians who are hurting because of this terrible
law.
Yesterday on the Senate floor, I shared a story from Jessica and Rob,
who live in Woodstock, Ga., and started a small business a few years
ago a result of recession. Jessica and Rob recently received a letter
from their insurance company informing them that their premiums will
rise 244 percent in 2014 because of Obamacare. To watch my speech and
to hear their full story, click here
.
Unfortunately, Jessica and Rob's story is just one of many. A
staggering 400,000 plus Georgians are losing their current health care
coverage because of Obamacare, compared to the reported 1,390 Georgians
who have selected a plan on the Obamacare exchange. Clearly, Obamacare
is not working for most Georgians.
I invite you to share your story by visiting
Republican.Senate.Gov/YourStory
.
This week, I also joined 19 of my Republican colleagues in criticizing
the Obama administration's plan to exempt unions from an Obamacare fee
that other employers, charities, and faith-based organizations will be
forced to pay. This proposed carve-out for unions is cronyism at its
worst. Click here to read the letter.
On this subject, I have co-sponsored of the Union Bailout Prevention
Act, which would prevent the Obama administration from granting unions'
request for special Obamacare premium tax subsidies for union members'
health care plans.
I have voted to defund or repeal Obamacare almost 60 times, and I
continue to support its full repeal. I have also co-sponsored dozens of
legislative proposals that would repeal the law in full or provisions
in the law, including both the Obamacare Repeal Act, S.177, and, more
recently, the Defund Obamacare Act, S.1292.
Biennial Budgeting
As I mentioned, I traveled to Concord, N.H., on Monday to join Sen.
Shaheen, D-N.H., to promote our plan to reform the broken federal
budget process. Our proposal, the Biennial Budgeting and Appropriations
Act, would help prevent the need for constant last-minute negotiations
on spending bills in the future by reforming the current budget and
appropriations system by converting it from a chaotic annual process to
a two-year cycle.
Our bill would force Congress to become better stewards of the
taxpayers' money by placing Congress on a two-year budget cycle with
one year devoted to appropriating federal dollars and the other year
devoted to oversight of federal programs.
Biennial budgeting has been endorsed by each successive administration
since Ronald Reagan was president, as well as by numerous federal
budget experts. I have sponsored biennial budgeting proposals every
year I've been in the Senate, while Sen. Shaheen has firsthand
experience with the efficacy of biennial budgeting from her tenure as
governor of New Hampshire. Currently, more than 20 states, including
New Hampshire, operate on a two-year budget cycle.
Connecting with Georgia's Students
This week I spoke with students at Bryan County High School in
Pembroke, Ga. and Cambridge High School in Milton, Ga. via Skype. I
enjoyed fielding questions on issues ranging from Obamacare to
education to immigration and the budget.
What's on Tap?
Early next week, as part of my ongoing work to deepen the Port of
Savannah, I will visit the Panama Canal with Vice President Biden,
Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed and others. It is imperative that we expand
the Savannah Harbor in order to accommodate an increase in the number
of super-sized container vessels transiting the Panama Canal after its
2015 deepening. The Savannah Harbor Expansion Project is critically
important to the state of Georgia, Southeast region and nation, and it
will support hundreds of thousands of jobs each year while generating
billions in revenue.
Next week, the Senate is expected to finish work on the prescription
drug compounding bill and begin work on a defense authorization bill.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
November 15, 2013
Dear Friends,
On Monday, I traveled to New Hampshire to join Sen. Shaheen, D-N.H., for a discussion of our efforts
to implement biennial budgeting to fix our nation&#8217;s broken system. In observance of Veterans Day,
we stopped to pay tribute to veterans at the bronze statue of Gen. Stark, who served as a major general
in the Continental Army during the American Revolution.
This week, the Senate worked
on H.R.3204,
the Drug Quality and Security Act , aimed at creating a safer compound drug supply.
Obamacare
This week I continued to voice my dismay over Obamacare and the negative consequences it is having
on Georgians across the state.
The Senate Republicans have launched an effort in which
we ask Americans across the country to share their stories about their experiences with Obamacare. I
have been overwhelmed with hundreds of stories submitted by Georgians who are hurting because of this
terrible law.
Yesterday on the Senate floor, I shared a story from Jessica and Rob,
who live in Woodstock, Ga., and started a small business a few years ago a result of recession. Jessica
and Rob recently received a letter from their insurance company informing them that their premiums will
rise 244 percent in 2014 because of Obamacare. To watch my speech and to hear their full story,
click
here .
Unfortunately, Jessica and Rob&#8217;s story is just one of many.
A staggering 400,000 plus Georgians are losing their current health care coverage because of Obamacare,
compared to the reported 1,390 Georgians who have selected a plan on the Obamacare exchange. Clearly,
Obamacare is not working for most Georgians.
I invite you to share your story by visiting
Republican.Senate.Gov/YourStory .
This
week, I also joined 19 of my Republican colleagues in criticizing the Obama administration&#8217;s plan
to exempt unions from an Obamacare fee that other employers, charities, and faith-based organizations
will be forced to pay. This proposed carve-out for unions is cronyism at its worst. Click here to read
the letter.
On this subject, I have co-sponsored of the
Union Bailout Prevention
Act , which would prevent the Obama administration from granting unions&#8217; request for special
Obamacare premium tax subsidies for union members&#8217; health care plans.
I have voted
to defund or repeal Obamacare almost 60 times, and I continue to support its full repeal. I have also
co-sponsored dozens of legislative proposals that would repeal the law in full or provisions in the law,
including both the
Obamacare Repeal Act , S.177, and, more recently, the
Defund Obamacare
Act , S.1292.
Biennial Budgeting As I mentioned, I traveled to Concord, N.H., on Monday
to join Sen. Shaheen, D-N.H., to promote our plan to reform the broken federal budget process. Our proposal,
the
Biennial Budgeting and Appropriations Act , would help prevent the need for constant last-minute
negotiations on spending bills in the future by reforming the current budget and appropriations system
by converting it from a chaotic annual process to a two-year cycle.
Our bill would force
Congress to become better stewards of the taxpayers&#8217; money by placing Congress on a two-year budget
cycle with one year devoted to appropriating federal dollars and the other year devoted to oversight
of federal programs.
Biennial budgeting has been endorsed by each successive administration
since Ronald Reagan was president, as well as by numerous federal budget experts. I have sponsored biennial
budgeting proposals every year I&#8217;ve been in the Senate, while Sen. Shaheen has firsthand experience
with the efficacy of biennial budgeting from her tenure as governor of New Hampshire. Currently, more
than 20 states, including New Hampshire, operate on a two-year budget cycle.
Connecting
with Georgia&#8217;s Students
This
week I spoke with students at Bryan County High School in Pembroke, Ga. and Cambridge High School in
Milton, Ga. via Skype. I enjoyed fielding questions on issues ranging from Obamacare to education to
immigration and the budget.
What&#8217;s on Tap?
Early next week, as part of my ongoing work to deepen the Port of Savannah, I will visit the Panama
Canal with Vice President Biden, Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed and others. It is imperative that we expand
the Savannah Harbor in order to accommodate an increase in the number of super-sized container vessels
transiting the Panama Canal after its 2015 deepening. The Savannah Harbor Expansion Project is critically
important to the state of Georgia, Southeast region and nation, and it will support hundreds of thousands
of jobs each year while generating billions in revenue.
Next week, the Senate is expected to finish work on the prescription drug compounding bill and
begin work on a defense authorization bill.
Sincerely, Johnny Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
