
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
November 22, 2013
In This Week's Edition of E-News
...
Another
Preventable Tragedy Puts Focus on Murphy Mental Health
Reforms
Panel Takes Up Murphys Family Health Care Accessibility
Act
Testing
Security of
Healthcare.Gov
Bill Cuts Out Red Tape on Pipeline
Projects
Another Preventable Tragedy Puts Focus on Murphy
Mental Health
Reforms
After another tragic violent episode involving a
person with mental illness captured media
headlines
this week, Congressman Tim Murphys
efforts
to
help patients desperately in need of treatment took center
stage.
On Wednesday,
Rep. Murphy
spoke
to his colleagues on the floor of
the House of Representatives, calling on them to join his push to
overhaul federal mental health programs. Reported in the
Washington Times , Rep. Murphy said his new legislation
would make inpatient beds available, fix the broken standard used to
commit a person to treatment, and break down legal barriers preventing
families and physicians from communicating the important mental health
information of a loved one, among other
changes.
His legislation was covered
locally by the
Beaver County
Times .
Click to watch Murphy discuss critical shortage of psych beds on CNN's
"The Lead with Jake
Tapper."
Another preventable tragedy. A young man
searching for psychiatric help is turned away, said Murphy. Why did
the system fail him?
In 1955 there were 550,000 beds. Today, there
are fewer than 40,000. Two, the standard to make sure a mentally ill
person gets treatment is unworkable. Three, federal laws like HIPAA and
FERPA [Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act] prevent information
from being shared, said
Murphy.
Congressman Murphy addressed
the failings of the mental health system in appearances this week on
CNNs
The Lead with Jake Tapper
and
Geraldo Riveras radio program . Murphys mental healthcare
reform legislation is
expected
to be released
next month.
To share your thoughts on mental illness, please click
here .
Panel Takes Up Murphys
Family Health Care Accessibility
Act
Today, a workforce shortage is preventing the
nearly 1,300 federally funded Community Health Centers from serving
20 million low-income
Americans.
CHCs provide high-quality care and save the healthcare
system billions annually by limiting costly emergency room visits and
preventable hospitalizations, but a shortage of internists,
pediatricians, dentists, and mental health providers is making it difficult for
them to deliver needed healthcare. Doctors and healthcare
professionals who want to treat patients through volunteer and pro bono work are
hamstrung by a federal law which makes it harder for them to do so
because they are not covered under the Federal Tort Claims Act (FTCA),
which provides federal liability
protections.
This week, the Energy and Commerce
Committee
heard
testimony from a Southwestern
Pennsylvania healthcare provider that legislation authored by Rep. Murphy could
fix the physician shortage at CHCs without busting the federal
budget.
Murphy bill breaks down barriers at Community Health Centers without
saddling taxpayers with the
cost.
The Wednesday hearing featured
testimony by Robert Bob MtJoy, CEO of
Cornerstone
Care , a CHC serving Southwestern Pennsylvania residents in Greene,
Washington, and Fayette counties. Mr. MtJoy testified about
HR 2703 , the Family Health Care Accessibility Act of 2013.
This bipartisan bill authored by Rep. Murphy eliminates the barriers to
entry for physician-volunteers at CHCs by extending to these
healthcare professionals the same protection given to free clinic volunteers,
who have been covered by the FTCA since
1996.
We have a chance to do something to
expand care to millions of Americans with this Act without raising the
bills for families or taxpayers. This is an example of real bipartisan
reform that helps people get the health care they need when they need
it close to home at an affordable cost, Murphy said in his
opening statement .
Testifying
in support of the Family
Health Care Accessibility Act, MtJoy
said
the bill
would help health centers in carrying out their unique care model of
bringing different providers and specialists all under one roof to
coordinate care for patients. The CHC results in reduced hospitalizations,
emergency room visits, and medical costs.
There
are many healthcare professionals who want to assist health centers in
serving their communities and addressing this unmet need by
volunteering their services, however, the risk of liability and the high cost of
supplemental medical liability insurance often prove to be too
burdensome for the provider and the health center, preventing these
volunteers from doing so, said MtJoy, whose comments were recorded in
MedPage Today .
Murphy received the 2013
Distinguished
Community Health Champion Award
by the PA Association of Community
Health Centers earlier this year. The award was presented to Congressman
Murphy in recognition of his work in advancing the Family Health Care
Accessibility Act. Rep. Murphy also received the Champion award in 2011
and 2012.
Murphy said he would push the Committee to hold a markup on his bill
in the coming months.
To share your thoughts on community health centers,
please click
here .
Testing
Security of
Healthcare.Gov
Damaging new details emerged this week that the Administrations
top programmer had not read an internal risk assessment on the
readiness of Healthcare.Gov prior to its October 1 st
launch. The
revelation came during an Oversight Committee hearing convened by
Chairman Murphy on Tuesday called
Security of
Healthcare.Gov .
A
document obtained prior to the hearing revealed that the websites top
technology director, Henry Chao, expressed grave concerns related to
the security preparedness of the website in a July 16 th
email
to CGI Federal, worrying that glitches and a lack of product testing
could lead contractors to
crash the plane at
take-off .
Even
though he was responsible for the site, Chao admitted under
questioning
from Rep. Murphy that he did not know the
results of an April 2013 assessment commissioned by the White House from the
business consultant McKinsey and Co. The April analysis showed major
risks with the sites development, design, and testing that proved
prophetic about the botched October 1 st
launch. Murphy told
the
Washington Post
that the documents
showed the White House was well aware of major problems with the site,
but went forward anyway with
deployment.
Murphy on Fox News: White House warned of HC.gov
flaws in April
2013.
The hearing also uncovered that, despite several
contractors and various government officials responsible for the
security of HealthCare.Gov, no end-to-end testing of the website was
completed prior to the sites launch date. Chao also told Murphy that
30 to 40 percent
of the website remains incomplete,
including the module that ensures insurance carriers are paid by the
government for the newly enrolled, potentially leading to situations in
2014 when enrollees will think they have coverage only to discover when
visiting the doctor that the government hasnt paid its portion of the
premium.
This
administration was under no obligation to launch the website on
October 1st, yet did so anyway despite the governments own programmers
warning that the site was full of bugs, security holes, and well behind
schedule, said Murphy. When these latest revelations of incompetence
are coupled with news that five million Americans are losing their
coverage and millions more are paying higher premiums, its no wonder the
public has lost faith in the administrations ability to implement
this law.
Congressman Murphy discussed the Chao testimony with Fox News
Your World with Neil Cavuto
and
America's
Newsroom
following the Tuesday
hearing.
Meanwhile, new documents obtained by
Murphys committee as part of its investigation are shedding new light on
the behind-the-scenes chaos in the run-up to October 1 st .
The
Daily Mail
reported that
Healthcare.Gov programmers warned Henry Chao that the website could handle 500
users at once only days before it went live. Rep. Murphy noted that the
frantic, back-and-forth messages demonstrate that the White House knew
it was not prepared to go ahead on schedule, yet sent a broken
website to the millions of Americans expected to use
Healthcare.Gov.
In breaking news Friday
morning, the White House announced two major delays to the ACA: the
first delay
extends
this years deadline for
enrollment one week (from December 15 th
to December
23 rd ); the second enrollment delay would apply to next year,
pushing the enrollment deadline back an entire month so that insurers
will not have to release insurance premiums (which are expected to
continue to skyrocket under the ACA) until after the 2014 midterm
elections.
To share
your thoughts on
Healthcare.Gov , please click
here .
Bill Cuts Out Red Tape on Pipeline
Projects
The shale gas boom led by Southwestern Pennsylvania has made safe,
reliable domestic energy available to
millions
of
Americans, expanded good-paying
jobs , and
scrambled the international
balance of power
in
energy exports. A shortage of pipeline infrastructure, however, has made it
more difficult to bring affordable gas to consumers at a lower price
and slowed potential job growth. A December 2012 study found that
pipeline permitting delays of more than 90 days have risen 28 percent
nationwide since 2005, keeping thousands of operating engineers and
tradesmen at home instead of
working.
This week the House passed the Natural Gas Pipeline
Permitting Reform Act ( HR 1900 ) by a bipartisan
vote of 252-165. Cosponsored by Rep. Murphy, HR 1900 will expedite
construction of natural gas pipelines needed to deliver growing energy
supplies to consumers and increase jobs. This past July, Avella resident
and contractor
Alex Paris
testified before the
Energy and Commerce Committee about the importance of the legislation.
New pipeline construction has enabled him to hire 200 Southwestern
Pennsylvanians in just the last five years to work on Marcellus Shale
pipeline projects. Current regulatory barriers are keeping job growth
artificially low, said Paris.
The Act modernizes the pipeline permitting process by
setting realistic deadlines for approval while also ensuring environmental
requirements are met. The measure has been endorsed by the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania Public Utilities Commission, National Association of
Manufacturers, the Interstate Natural Gas Association of America, and
others. The Pipeline Permitting Reform Act now awaits further action
in the Senate.
In order to expand affordable, reliable domestic energy supplies
and boost jobs, Murphy has also authored the
Infrastructure Jobs and Energy Independence Act . The measure funds road and
bridge construction projects without raising taxes or going into debt
by opening up areas currently blocked by the federal government to
energy exploration and uses the projected $3.7 trillion in new federal
revenue to fund the largest transportation building boom in the
nations history, upgrading roads, highways, bridges, locks, and
dams.
To share your
thoughts on the energy economy, please click
here .
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C. Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington,
DC 20515
Phone: (202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt. Lebanon Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone: (412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg
Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA 15601
Phone: (724)
8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
