 and www.defensetravel.dod.mil .
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
Rep. Miller: DoD-TSA Join to Provide Military TSA Pre-Check Expedited Screening
Nov 13, 2013
Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force and Coast Guard, as well as Reservists and National Guard members, eligible for expedited screening at 100 Airports
WASHINGTON
U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10), Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and a member
of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security, today praised the announcement by the Department of Defense (DoD) and the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) partnering to expand expedited screening benefits to all U.S. Armed Forces service members,
including those serving in the U.S. Coast Guard, Reserves and National Guard, at all 100 airports offering TSA Pre-Check (Pre )
beginning December 20th.
Currently, members of the U.S. Armed Forces can utilize TSA Pre
lanes at 10 domestic airports
by presenting their Common Access Card (CAC).
Whether the men and women who wear our nations uniform are returning home or heading to a new assignment, this new partnership
will allow all of our armed forces, active duty, reserve and guard, to have an overall expedited airport screening process.
By joining forces, DoD and TSA are able to expand this screening benefit to additional airports across the nation, ensuring that more
of our men and women are able to utilize this program, Miller said.
Our brave members of the armed forces have dedicated themselves to serving our nation at home and abroad, it is only right to offer this support and appreciation to them when they travel.
Note: The partnership expands the program to the military at all 100 airports offering TSA Pre ,
allowing service members to keep their footwear on as well as light outerwear, belts, laptop in its case and their 3-1-1 compliant liquids/gels bag in a carry on in select screening lanes.
The new process being established under this agreement allows all
active duty, U.S. Coast Guard, Reserve and National Guard service members to use their DoD identification number when making reservations. That ID number will be used as their Known Traveler Number. When arriving at the airport, service members will then be
permitted access to TSA Pre
lanes for official or leisure travel on participating airlines.
Further information on
TSA Pre
for military members can be found at
www.TSA.gov
and
www.defensetravel.dod.mil .
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
