
Veterans Day is a solemn occasion honoring the sacrifices made by our men and women in uniform. It is also a renewal of our nation&rsquo;s promise to veterans ensuring they are receiving the care and consideration they have earned through service. Keeping these commitments is a duty I take seriously and have worked hard to respond to the needs and concerns of veterans in our community.
Earlier this year, my office began receiving complaints from veterans who were reporting difficulties reaching their doctors to schedule appointments. The cause turned out to be a new Patient Services Unit Phone System that was dramatically increasing hold times from an average of 76 seconds to over 30 minutes. Other issues with the new system, which had been hurried out before the system had been tested or VA staff could be properly trained, included veterans being unable to reach their Primary Care Team and a faulty messaging system.
I was alarmed at this news and the feedback I was hearing from local veterans . I was able to convince the VA to have this new system suspended until policies and procedures could be put in place to ensure that veterans were getting the care in which they are entitled.
I have also worked to ensure that volunteers with the Oregon National Guard are being treated fairly. When the House of Representatives passed a funding bill earlier this year, there was language that gave Defense Department flexibility to avoid furloughing troops and other employees. One area this did not cover, however, was the nearly 60,000 National Guard technicians, more than 1,000 of whom live and work in Oregon. I was able to introduce and pass a bipartisan amendment with Congressmen Palazzo and Nugent that protects these technicians. The National Guard has done an outstanding job performing above and beyond, and we need to make sure that they are covered by the same rules that apply to all the other men and women who serve in uniform.
Included in this email are a number of resources that also may be useful to you or a veteran you know. As always, if you or a family member need assistance with veterans benefits or any other issue, please
contact my office .
Sincerely,
Earl Blumenauer
Member of Congress
The Portland VA Medical Center provides health care services to Veterans in Oregon and Southwest Washington for the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.
Click here for more information .
From helping veterans to file claims for education, medical or other benefits to assisting them in obtaining earned military awards or lost records, ODVA and its county partners continue to help Oregon veterans and their families to improve their quality of life.
Click here for more information .
The Veterans Crisis Line connects Veterans in crisis and their families and friends with qualified, caring Department of Veterans Affairs responders through a confidential toll-free hotline, online chat, or text.
Click here for more information .
Coping with stress-related issues is a challenge. Learn to problem solve and manage symptoms that are common after trauma.
Click here for more information .
Please do not respond to this email.
Click here to contact me .
District Office
&bull; 729 N.E. Oregon Street &bull; Suite 115 &bull; Portland, OR 97232 &bull; Phone: (503) 231-2300
Washington D.C. Office
&bull; 1111 Longworth Building &bull; Washington, DC 20515 &bull; Phone: (202) 225-4811
Unsubscribe
