DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Email Newsletter
Recently in Washington
Last week the House passed H.R. 3350, the Keep Your Health Plan Act of 2013. This legislation, supported by Congressman Simpson, would allow providers for one year to continue offering health insurance plans that would have been canceled as a result of Obamacare mandates.
The bill passed 261-157.
The House also passed H.R. 2655, the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2013, which would deter frivolous lawsuits, and H.R. 982, the Furthering Asbestos Claim Transparency Act, which would reform the asbestos bankruptcy trust.
Both bills passed in the House with Congressman Simpsons support.
Simpson Secures Energy and Water Chairmanship
Idaho Congressman assumes Chairmanship of Appropriations Subcommittee with jurisdiction over Idaho National Laboratory and Bonneville Power Administration
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson has been appointed as Chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development.
The subcommittee funds all functions of the U.S. Department of Energy, including the Idaho National Laboratorys research and cleanup operations.
Given the importance of this subcommittee to Idaho and its daily impact on my constituents, I am honored and pleased to have the opportunity to be its new Chairman, said Simpson. The Idaho delegation has a strong history of involvement in federal issues related to energy development and water infrastructure, and in particular nuclear energy. This new assignment gives me the opportunity to expand our involvement in these issues and make sure the concerns of our state and region are heard and addressed.
There are very few who know more about the nations energy and water needs than Mike Simpson. His leadership, experience, drive, and professional focus make him an excellent fit to chair this subcommittee. I know that he is committed to making the most out of every precious taxpayer dollar, to ensuring that our nation continues to strive toward energy independence, and to fostering an environment that allows our businesses to create jobs and grow the economy, House Appropriations Committee Chairman Hal Rogers said. I am looking forward to working with him in his new role.
The Subcommittees primary jurisdiction includes the following federal agencies:
-Department of Energy, including Idaho National Laboratory and Bonneville Power Administration
-National Nuclear Security Administration
- U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
- Bureau of Reclamation
- Nuclear Regulatory Commission
- Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board
- Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board
Other areas of jurisdiction include the Central Utah Project, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta Regional Authority, the Denali Commission, the Northern Border Regional Commission, the Southern Crescent Regional Commission, and the Tennessee Valley Authority
Whether its the cleanup of sites like INL, the maintenance of our nations nuclear weapons, or the many vital water projects across the Western United States, the Energy and Water Subcommittees work touches almost every community in Idaho and across the country, said Simpson. I have served on the subcommittee for a number of years and have worked hard to learn about the issues before it and the federal programs under its jurisdiction. I am looking forward to getting to work immediately.
Simpson will remain a member of the subcommittee on Interior and the Environment as well as the subcommittee on Health and Human Services, Labor, and Education. I am pleased to be continuing as a member of the Interior Subcommittee and intent on staying engaged on the issues I have championed as Chairman, said Simpson. Addressing hazardous fuels on federal forest and grazing lands, improving the way we fund wildfire fighting, reducing the size and authority of the EPA, protecting state sovereignty over water, and maintaining our trust responsibilities to Native Americans will remain top priorities of mine in the coming weeks, months, and years.
Simpson Urges Nationwide Delisting of the Gray Wolf
Simpson authored language to delist wolf in Idaho, now joins colleagues in supporting nationwide delisting rule
Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson joined a number of his Western colleagues in supporting the rule recently proposed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to remove the gray wolf from the endangered species list.
Simpson authored legislation in 2011 to delist wolves in Idaho, where the population has seen a robust recovery since reintroduction in the mid-1990s.
He sent a letter to Fish and Wildlife Service Director Dan Ashe commending the proposed rule to delist wolves nationwide and urging the Service to act quickly to move forward on it.
The statutory purpose of the Endangered Species Act (ESA) is to recover species to the point where they are no longer considered endangered or threatened, the letter reads.
The gray wolf is currently found in 46 countries around the world and has been placed in the classification of least concern globally for risk of extinction by the International Union for Conservation Nature (IUCN) Species Survival Commission Wolf Specialist Group. This is a clear indication that this species is not endangered or threatened with extinction.
The full delisting of the gray wolf is long overdue.
Since wolves were first provided protections under the ESA, uncontrolled and unmanaged growth of wolf populations has resulted in devastating impacts on hunting and ranching and tragic damages to historically strong and healthy herds of moose, elk, big horn sheep and mule deer.
The letter continues, We believe that state governments are fully qualified to responsibly manage wolf populations and are better able to meet the needs of local communities and wildlife populations.
Delisting the gray wolf under ESA would allow state wildlife officials to more effectively manage wolf populations, just as Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan have proven is possible.
Simpson serves on the House Interior and Environment Appropriations Subcommittee, which oversees the budget for the Fish and Wildlife Service.
He joined 74 other members of the House and Senate in sending the letter to Director Ashe.
A copy of the letter can be accessed on
Simpsons website .
Simpson Supports Bill to Reduce Frivolous Lawsuits
Last week Idaho Congressman Mike Simpson joined House colleagues in supporting the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act, which would limit unnecessary and frivolous lawsuits in U.S. federal courts.
We need to do better in this country protecting individuals and small businesses who have had been sued unfairly.
Often, even if a case is found to be frivolous, victims of baseless lawsuits are forced to pay thousands of dollars and spend significant amounts of time away from their families and their jobs, said Simpson.
Unfortunately, this is frequently the result of overzealous lawyers who have the incentive to sue and collect lucrative attorneys fees.
H.R. 2655 would ensure penalties for abusers of the law and provide protections for victims of frivolous lawsuits.
It imposes mandatory sanctions on lawyers who file baseless suits and ensures the victim is compensated in full, including the attorneys fees and other costs incurred.
It also would get rid of the current free pass rule that allows lawyers to file frivolous suits and simply withdraw them after 21 days even after the victims have spend time and money defending themselves.
This bill takes us in the right direction, added Simpson.
I have long said we need to enact common sense tort reform to reduce both the direct and the indirect costs on the American people associated with junk lawsuits.
The Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act is opposed by the trail lawyer association, but is supported by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, manufacturing organizations, and small businesses who are often victims of frivolous claims.
H.R. 2655 passed the U.S. House of Representatives by a vote of 228-195 and now moves to the U.S. Senate for consideration.
Tort Reform Will Reduce Heath Care Costs
By Congressman Mike Simpson
The cost of healthcare is increasing at a rapid rate.
Over ten years, health care spending is predicted to total $5 trillion in this country.
To put it in context, total spending government-wide this year is approximately $3.5 trillion, with health costs making up about half of that. Meanwhile, we consistently run up trillion dollar deficits every yearleading to a $17 trillion debt. We have no plan to address it.
This is unsustainable.
We need real reform of our healthcare system, and Obamacare doesnt do it.
As Congress continues to look for ways to delay, defund, alter, and repeal provisions of this misguided law, we must not stop exploring ways to improve both the quality and cost-effectiveness of our health care system.
Medical malpractice (tort) reform is an idea that most Americans support that would bring down health care costs for taxpayers and improve access to care.
Our current system increases costs both directly, in the form of higher malpractice insurance premiums, and indirectly, in the form of defensive medicinewhen medical services are prescribed primarily to avoid liability rather than for the benefit of the patient.
Placing reasonable limits on health care litigation would help reign in these costs without sacrificing quality of care.
The connection between litigation and costs passed on to patients is undeniable.
One state survey revealed that 83% of participating doctors admitted to practicing defensive medicine.
Significant numbers of tests, procedures, and hospital admissions were being performed just to avoid lawsuits.
Other reports show a growing number of physicians are spending larger amounts of their career in court than ever.
Nearly 61% of physicians age 55 and over have been sued; depending on the area of practice, some are even higher.
For example, more than 50% of ob-gyns have already been sued before they reach the age of 40, with that number rising to 90% of general surgeons age 55 and over.
These are significant statistics, but the problem becomes even more unmistakable when you consider that a majority of these lawsuits are frivolous.
In 2009, 64% of claims were dropped or dismissed, but the cost of defending those suits still averaged $26,000 per claim.
For those that went to trial, defense costs averaged over $140,000 per claim for defendant victories, and over $170,000 for plaintiff victories.
Republicans did attempt to include tort reform in Obamacare. The Congressional Budget Office then estimated that implementing tort reform would reduce total health care spending by about $11 billion and would reduce federal budget deficits by as much as $54 billion.
However, the trial lawyers fought vigorously and spent millions of dollars advertizing and lobbying against any attempt to restrict the lucrative attorney contingency fees that their members have enjoyed as a result of current policies.
Many states, including Idaho, have wisely taken the lead on this issue and enacted tort reforms of their own. Governor Dirk Kempthorne signed H.B. 92 into law on March 26, 2003, which included a $250,000 cap on non-economic damages.
Importantly, this cap does not apply to claims arising out of willful or reckless misconduct or felonious actions.
The federal government should follow Idahos lead and enact common sense tort reform that protects patients with legitimate claims, but limits those who pursue junk lawsuits which drive up costs. I have long supported legislation that would place caps on non-economic damages and limit attorney fees. The fight for true health care reform is far from over, and I will continue to advocate for policies that increase the quality and cost-effectiveness of health care and keep our economy on a sustainable, healthy path for the future.
Floor Schedule
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18TH
On Monday, the House will meet at 12:00 p.m. for morning hour and 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
1)
H.R. 2061 - Digital Accountability and Transparency (DATA) Act of 2013, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Darrell Issa / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
2)
H.R. 3343
- To amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to clarify the rules regarding the determination of the compensation of the Chief Financial Officer of the District of Columbia
(Sponsored by Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
3)
H.R. 3487
- To amend the Federal Election Campaign Act to extend through 2018 the authority of the Federal Election Commission to impose civil money penalties on the basis of a schedule of penalties established and published by the Commission, to expand such authority to certain other violations, and for other purposes
(Sponsored by Rep. Candice Miller / House Administration Committee)
4)
S.Con.Res. 25
- A concurrent resolution authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for activities associated with the ceremony to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Native American code talkers
(Sponsored by Sen. Tim Johnson / House Administration Committee)
5)
H.R. 272
- To designate the Department of Veterans Affairs and Department of Defense joint outpatient clinic to be constructed in Marina, California, as the General William H. Gourley Federal Outpatient Clinic: A Joint VA-DOD Health Care Facility, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Sam Farr / Armed Services Committee)
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 19TH
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
H.R. 1965
- Federal Lands Jobs and Energy Security Act, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Doug Lamborn / Natural Resources Committee / Judiciary Committee)
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 20TH
On Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and 12:00 p.m. for legislative business.
H.R. 2728
- Protecting States Rights to Promote American Energy Security Act, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Bill Flores / Natural Resources Committee)
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 21ST
On Thursday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
H.R. 1900
- Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Mike Pompeo / Energy and Commerce Committee)
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22ND
On Friday, no votes are expected.
In the News
House GOP taps new leaders for energy, EPA spending panels
Ben Geman, The Hill, November 13, 2013
The House subcommittees that craft spending bills for the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Interior and Energy Departments have undergone a changing of the guard.
Rep. Mike Simpson (R-Idaho) will head the Energy and Water Development Subcommittee, which oversees the Energy Department, now that Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen (R-N.J.) will lead the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee.
Republicans announced a reshuffled lineup Wednesday that follows last months death of Rep. Bill Young (R-Fla.), who chaired the powerful defense spending panel.
Simpson previously led the Interior and Environment Appropriations Subcommittee, which oversees spending at EPA and much of the Interior Department, including its energy programs.
Rep. Ken Calvert (R-Calif.) will move into Simpsons old role.
Republicans have sought to use the Interior and Environment spending panel to thwart several Obama administration policies, such as EPAs climate change regulations. But the measures havent advanced in the Senate.
More broadly, the influence of the congressional spending subcommittees has waned in recent years.
Budget policy gridlock has brought a series of stopgap spending bills, while sequestration and a ban on earmarks has also stripped discretion from the Appropriations Committee.
But a hoped-for budget deal could end the crisis-to-crisis fiscal policymaking trend and put more power in the hands of the committees that traditionally have made spending decisions.
And Simpson said the position gives him a chance to work on several important topics.
The Idaho delegation has a strong history of involvement in federal issues related to energy development and water infrastructure, and in particular nuclear energy. This new assignment gives me the opportunity to expand our involvement in these issues and make sure the concerns of our state and region are heard and addressed, he said in a statement.
Rep. Hal Rogers (R-Ky.), chairman of the full Appropriations Committee, said his new subcommittee leaders are a good fit. There are very few who know more about the nations energy and water needs than Mike Simpson, Rogers said in a statement.
Turning to Calvert, Rogers said, Leading the subcommittee in charge of funding everything from our National Parks to the Environmental Protection Agency is an extremely difficult job.
Ken is not only up to the task, but will bring a wealth of knowledge and experience that will be an excellent asset to the Committee and to the country as we tackle many fiscal challenges in the future, he said.
Contact Mike
Issues
Other News
MEDIA CENTER
Simpson Supports Bill to Reduce Frivolous Lawsuits
If you are having trouble reading this message, try viewing the
web version
BIOGRAPHY
|
NEWS CENTER
|
ISSUES
|
SERVICES FOR YOU
|
2ND DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
Click Here Click Here