
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How
Can I Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Ensuring the
President Keeps His Promise
Dear
Friends:
If you
like your health insurance, you can keep it.
This was a claim made countless
times by President Obama when he was selling the Affordable Care Act,
commonly known as Obamacare, to the American people.
The
President has not lived up to his word.
Millions of Americans, including
hundreds of thousands of Coloradans, have received cancellation
notices from their insurance companies, since their coverage was deemed
unacceptable by Federal bureaucrats in Washington.
In many
instances, families are happy with the coverage they possess and have
expressed outrage that the President is not living up to his
word.
Responding to the
overwhelmingly negative backlash he is facing, today President Obama
announced a one year postponement of the cancellations.
This
half-measure was designed to alleviate the political pressure he and fellow
supporters of the bill are now facing.
It does nothing to change the
fact that the President has not lived up to his promise to the
American people.
He is seeking to enact this change to the law through
executive fiat, an act which bears scrutiny regarding its
legality.
I and many other Members of the House of Representatives have
long disagreed with the President forcing American families off of
insurance policies they wish to keep.
That is why I am a proud
co-sponsor of
HR 3350 , the
Keep Your Healthcare Plan
Act of 2013 .
This legislation would eliminate, not
delay, the provision in Obamacare which forces countless American
families off of their healthcare plans.
The House is scheduled to vote
on this legislation tomorrow.
It is my sincere hope that the
Senate takes up this legislation and that President Obama signs it into
law.
Americans must know that those elected to represent them
will keep their word, and this is an important
step.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
One on one meetings in Brighton
Saturday, November 23rd 10:00 to 11:30 AM
Anythink
Library
327 E.
Bridge St.
Brighton ,
CO
80601
-----------------------------
Saturday, November 23rd 12:30 to
2:00PM
Mi Pueblo Market
889 S. Kuner
Rd.
Brighton ,
CO
80601
These
meetings are provided
only
for constituents of the 6th Congressional
District.
$ 17,353,650,983,532
Share on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
Jackson VA told to get its act together
By
Deborah Barfield Berry
ClarionLedger.com
Published:
November 14, 2013
WASHINGTON
A key congressional lawmaker
demanded Wednesday that Veterans Affairs officials submit details within 30
days on how they will fix problems plaguing the VA Medical Center in
Jackson.
It is
painfully obvious that VA is not taking the problems occurring at this
facility seriously and is showing a lack of commitment that quite
apparently affects care provided to veterans,
Rep. Mike
Coffman , R-Colo., chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on
Oversight and Investigation, said at a
hearing.
Coffman said the agency hasnt done enough
to hold officials at the G.V. Sonny Montgomery Veterans Affairs
Medical Center accountable or force them to address problems
there.
Wednesdays hearing was
one of several focusing on problems at VA
hospitals.
It followed a field hearing in
Pittsburgh last September that also mentioned problems at the Jackson
facility.
Coffmans panel
is investigating several complaints at the Jackson facility, including
allegations of understaffing, lack of patient access to doctors,
patients being turned away because of overbooking and radiology reports
going unread.
The
Office of Special Counsel, an independent federal investigative agency that
investigates whistle-blower complaints, recently found the Jackson
center deficient in providing adequate care to patients and in
responding to problems. The office launched a review after complaints from
several employees.
The
office also requested an update from the center in 60 days. It said the
center submitted responses Wednesday.
Republican 4th District Rep. Steven Palazzo said:
Im shocked, Im sick and Im disgusted about conditions at the
center.
Palazzo and other
lawmakers also complained about problems at VA centers elsewhere. VA
medical centers in Pittsburgh, Atlanta and Buffalo also have come
under scrutiny.
There
just seems to be some serious issues with the VA, and I dont just
think its Jackson, said Palazzo, who is a veteran. I think theres
management issues all across the nation, and I hope by bringing attention
to this one that we can fix it so no other veterans have to endure the
nightmare that they are going through in
Jackson.
Dr. Phyllis Hollenbeck, a former
physician at the center, said primary care service is a sad, serious and
self-perpetuating state of ugly chaos.
She said some patients end up waiting months to see
a doctor and described delays in treatment and lack of monitoring of
chronic diseases such as diabetes.
Asked what she would do to fix problems at the center,
Hollenbeck said clean house from the top
down.
VA Medical Center officials defended
their efforts and cited ongoing improvements, including a turnover in
leadership.
We are
rebuilding that facility from its foundation up, said Rica Lewis-Payton,
network director for the South Central VA Health Care Network at the
Veterans Affairs Department.
We are addressing the issues.
Joe Battle, director of the VA since April 2012,
said Mississippi is medically underserved and recruiting for the
center has been difficult.
Hollenbeck agreed recruitment is a problem, adding the word is out
about the hospital.
Charles Jenkins, president of the American Federation of Government
Employees at Local 589, told the subcommittee that management has been
slow to investigate complaints. But he also said most workers at the
center provide outstanding service.
We want to see leadership change ... for the better,
said Jenkins, who represents more than 900 workers at the
center.
VA stymied in trying to provide responses to
Congress
By:
Frank
Konkel
FCW.com
Published:
November 12, 2013
Congress keeps asking questions
about data security at the Department of Veterans Affairs, but the VA
hasn't come up with any answers yet. With another deadline coming this
week, that appears unlikely to change -- the VA secretary's latest plan
to get Congress the answers it seeks has been rejected by his own
department's inspector general.
Beginning Oct. 23, the House
Veterans Affairs Committee directed six formal inquiries totaling more than
100 questions to VA's Office of Information and Technology concerning
IT security practices in relation to at least nine state-sponsored
data breaches .
VA failed to respond to
deadlines for the first three sets of congressional inquiries, a
collection of 39 questions probing VA's adherence to the Information
Technology Act of 2006, its safeguarding of veterans' personally identifiable
information in accordance with privacy laws and the Health Information
Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act. Responses to those
inquiries were due by 6 p.m. Nov. 6, 8 and 11,
respectively.
Missed deadlines are nothing new for VA: The agency has more than 110
outstanding information requests dating back to June 2012.
VA
Secretary Eric Shinseki came up with a plan to address this latest batch
of inquiries, informing
Rep.
Mike
Coffman
(R-Colo.), chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations on Nov. 8 that he had asked the VA Office of Inspector General
to expand its 2013 Federal Information Security Management Act audit
to include the questions.
But in a Nov. 12 letter to Veterans
Affairs Chairman Jeff Miller (R-Fla.), the VAOIG said it could not
expand its 2013 audit work, which it described as "substantially
complete" and due to the Office of Management and Budget in late November.
VAOIG said it could potentially expand the scope of its FISMA work for VA
in 2014, but would need to modify its existing contract for the work
or pursue other acquisition strategies. The IG gave November 2014 as a
possible date by which it could comply with the request, which, it
acknowledged, "may not meet the Committee's timelines or the broad scope
of your interests."
VAOIG's 2013 FISMA audit will be released publicly sometime in early
2014. Its 2012 FISMA audit was critical of VA, which did not remediate
approximately 4,000 "outstanding system security risks" in its plans of
action and milestones to "improve its overall information security
posture." The report concluded material weakness still exists in VA's
information security program.
Without VAOIG intervention, it
remains unclear what course of action VA will take, but the latest
congressional deadline will almost certainly be missed.
Sources
within VA OIT told FCW that many of the questions contained sub-questions
or required documentation, "making it more like 500 or 600 questions"
that can be answered only by a team of about 20 of OIT's 8,000
employees.
Congress' vigor in probing VA's perceived IT security
weaknesses comes following testimony from VA officials in June testimony
regarding a series of data breaches that potentially put at risk
private information such as Social Security numbers and names of more than
20 million veterans and their families.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax:
(202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S.
Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720)
748-7514
Fax: (720)
748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
