
NOV
22
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
As a former prosecutor who served as New Hampshire's Attorney General, I am firmly committed to preventing sexual assaults in our military.
This week in the Senate, I continued my bipartisan efforts to pass historic reforms that will help ensure victims receive the support they need, criminals are punished for their crimes, and military commanders are held fully accountable for what happens in their units.
I also took to the Senate floor with Senator Claire McCaskill (D-Missouri) to continue our push for bipartisan legislation we introduced that provides additional protections for victims. See below for more details about my work on this very important issue.
Additionally, I worked with Senator Saxby Chambliss (R-Georgia), Vice Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, on an amendment to the annual defense bill that would prevent terrorist detainees currently held at Guantanamo Bay from being transferred to American soil. Our measure also included provisions to restrict the transfer of detainees from Guantanamo to countries in which former Guantanamo detainees have reengaged in terrorism.
There is no national security justification for gutting common sense restrictions related to the transfer of Guantanamo detainees to foreign countries, nor for bringing some of the most dangerous al Qaeda terrorists from Guantanamo to the U.S.
Although our common sense amendment received bipartisan support, it was not agreed to. Regardless, I will continue my efforts to prevent detainees from being brought to the United States and to ensure that terrorists don't reengage in the fight against the U.S.
Also, you may have seen news this week about Senate Democrats taking the extraordinary step of invoking the so-called "nuclear option" - a partisan power grab that breaks longstanding Senate rules protecting the rights of the minority party to seek a 60-vote threshold on the president's executive and judicial nominees.
I voted against the "nuclear option" because the Senate has a constitutional advice and consent role when it comes to the president's nominees, and Senate rules have long protected the rights of the minority party. Although Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) led the effort this week to change the rules, when he was in the minority he actually opposed the "nuclear option," which will reduce the Senate to being a mere rubber stamp for nominees put forth by current and future presidents.
Like the manner in which Democrats rammed through Obamacare on party line votes, they have now broken the rules of the Senate to allow them to do the same for the president's executive and judicial nominees. At a time when Americans want members of both parties to be working together, this partisan power play will only further inflame the partisan divide in Washington.
I hope you'll read on for additional news from office. Have a great weekend!
New England Council Names Senator Ayotte a "New Englander of the Year"
During an event at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics today, Senator Ayotte addressed members of the New England Council and provided a Washington update on several issues facing the nation.
Last month, the New England Council named Senator Ayotte a "New Englander of the Year," and President and CEO Jim Brett was on hand today to present the award.
Ayotte: New Hampshire Consumers Seeing Less Choice Under Obamacare
During a television interivew on Tuesday with FOX News' Greta van Susteren, Senator Ayotte discussed the concerns she has been hearing from New Hampshire residents who are struggling under Obamacare - including those who are losing access to hospitals that are excluded from the exchange.
Ayotte Pushes Bipartisan Legislation to Address Military Sexual Assault
During consideration of the annual defense bill this week, Senator Ayotte took to the Senate floor to push a bipartisan amendment she authored with Senator Claire McCaskill (D-MO) to further strengthen and augment the already historic reform package that passed the Armed Services Committee in June to address military sexual assault.
"This is about making sure that victims of these crimes, both men and women, get the justice that they deserve," said Senator Ayotte, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee. "We [need to] have a climate in our military that says if you're a commander...and you don't handle this the right way and...support victims and ensure that perpetrators are held accountable, you will be relieved from command."
Ayotte, a former prosecutor and state attorney general, has worked for much of this year on legislation to ensure that victims receive the support they need, criminals are punished for their crimes, and commanders are held fully accountable for what happens in their units. The defense bill includes key provisions of
bipartisan legislation
Senator Ayotte authored with Senator Patty Murray (D-WA) that would provide sexual assault victims in all military branches with a Special Victims' Counsel, a trained military lawyer to guide the victim throughout the legal process.
Click
here
to read a summary of the amendment.
Bipartisan Amendment Would Require U.S. Strategy to Protect Afghan Women, Girls in Post-2014 Afghanistan
Senator Ayotte and Senator Bob Casey (D-PA) are leading an effort in the Senate to require the U.S. to develop a strategy to protect the security and rights of women and girls in Afghanistan.
The Senators introduced a bipartisan amendment to the defense bill that requires the Department of Defense to develop a strategy in coordination with Afghanistan's government to protect the right of women to vote and to serve in the Afghan National Army and the Afghan National Police.
"Afghan women and girls have made significant gains during the past decade - they go to school, work outside the home, and some even serve in the Afghan National Army and the Afghan National Police," said Senator Ayotte.
"We must work with our Afghan partners to protect this fragile progress, which is vital to the future security and stability of Afghanistan and our national security interests there.
Our bipartisan amendment would require a plan to protect the security, rights and freedoms of women and girls in post-2014 Afghanistan."
Read more.
Photo of the Week
Senator Ayotte met this week with New Hampshire members of the Society of Human Resource Management, including Catharine Mirabile (Bedford), Silvia McCarron (Manchester), Laurie Glaude (Northwood), Charla Stevens (Manchester) Linda Farr (Andover, MA), Kathy Nelson (Laconia), and Jennifer Kinville (Portsmouth).
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
