
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
November 18, 2013
Dear Friend,
On Friday the House passed the Keep Your Health
Plan Act of 2013, a three-sentence bipartisan bill I co-sponsored to
allow those of you who received notices your healthcare plan is
scheduled to be cancelled to maintain it instead. Despite the Presidents
promises, many of you are finding out that you cant afford the
Affordable Care Act. I spoke on the House floor on Thursday to share some of
the many stories I have heard from you. You can watch my remarks online
here .
I shared your stories in your
words about the Affordable Care Act on the House
floor.
Last Congress as Chairman of the
Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings and Emergency
Management, one of my top priorities was eliminating unnecessary government
properties to save taxpayer dollars and increase efficiency. To that
end I introduced the Civilian Property Realignment Act (CPRA), which
passed the House
in 2012 with strong bipartisan
support. This Congress I have re-introduced
CPRA , which would encourage consolidation, redevelopment and selling of
federal properties to save the American people millions of dollars and
maximize the rate of use of federal properties. With our skyrocketing
national debt, CPRA is one way to cut costs and pay down the
deficit.
Last week Senator Warner (D-VA), who serves as the head of
the Senate Budget Committees Task Force on Government Performance,
and Senator Blunt (R-MO) introduced the CPRA in the Senate. I look
forward to working with the Senators to see this legislation moved through
both chambers of Congress and signed into law by the
President.
As co-chair of the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus, I
remain committed to seeing industries across the nation work to hire more
vets, honoring the sacrifice our brave service members make to our
nation by ensuring they are able to find high-quality jobs upon reentering
the civilian workforce. Rep. Tim Walz, my Caucus co-chair, joined me
to host the Aerospace Industries Association, which hires thousands of
veterans nationwide, to honor our veterans last Wednesday
evening.
Last Wednesday's
Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus event was a great success, and it
was an honor to share a few words about the dedication of our veterans
and all that we can do to ensure that they find work following their
service. Marion C. Blakey, AIA President
&amp; CEO, and Rep.
Walz also addressed the
crowd.
This week I will be voting on three bills to increase domestic
energy production, create American middle class jobs and lower the cost of
energy for families. I am committed to making our country
energy-independent and these bills are a great step in that
direction.
Id like to share a spotlight of one of my interns, who worked in
both my Modesto and Washington offices over the last year. This summer,
I welcomed Kevin Padway as an intern in my Washington, D.C. office.
The 22-year old Padway, originally from Alameda, California, graduated
from California Poytechnic State University San Luis Obispo in
June.
Kevin was a great asset to our office! We are glad to have
had him on
board.
During his internship, Kevin assisted staff with daily tasks, drafted
letters, and assisted constituents via phone or in person. His favorite
parts of his internship were attending local meetings concerning water
issues with Modesto staff members, listening to veteran needs in the
10th district and working on veteran outreach.
I chose to
intern for Congressman Denham because he has a strong desire to solve
Californias water problems and represents a district rich in
agriculture, said Padway. Some highlights of the internship were welcoming
home the 1/126th Aviation Regiment Bravo Company from Afghanistan,
touring the Bob Jones Pumping plant and fish facility, attending a CV
salts meeting, attending a Veterans Job Caucus briefing, assisting the
constituent advisors in district and my USCP ride
along.
Kevin was a great asset to my staff throughout his time in both of our
offices. It was a pleasure to have him on board and to provide an
opportunity for him to experience work with constituents and the
legislative process.
Padway is the son of Leida and Laurence
Padway.
If you are interested in an internship in either of my
offices, please visit my internship
web page
for
more information.
To stay up to date on what Im doing
in Washington and in the Central Valley, please follow me on
Twitter
and
Facebook
or
visit my
website . Id also like to welcome you to
share our
weekly newsletter
with
friends.
JEFF DENHAM
Do you currently have
health insurance?
Yes No Have you tried to sign up for
health insurance through Covered California?
Yes No Have you received a letter notifying you that your insurance plan is
being cancelled?
Yes No *By answering this
survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing
me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite
202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
