
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2013
Commemorating The 150th Anniversary Of The Gettysburg Address
This week, our nation marked the 150th anniversary of President Lincoln's Gettysburg Address. I was honored to speak at the ceremony at the Soldiers National Cemetery. Here are my remarks:
Director Jarvis, Secretary Jewel, Justice Scalia, Governor Corbett, Dr. McPherson, fellow Members of Congress, and distinguished guests. It's a humbling experience to try to find the words to commemorate adequately the greatest of American speeches given by the one indispensable American at the time of our most terrible national trial.
One hundred and fifty years ago today the Civil War was still raging. It would continue 507 more days. Three hundred and seventy five thousand more Americans would become casualties. The horror was staggering, the outcome still far from certain. Union Americans needed to understand why they should continue to sacrifice their sons for this cause. When his nation needed his words, his inspiration to renew its dedication to the cause for which it fought, in the Gettysburg Address, Abraham Lincoln rose to that challenge with words that matched the power of his deeds.
How blessed are we as a nation to have been given at our moment of greatest need a leader so deeply committed to the purpose and promise of this great republic, and possessing the wisdom, the courage, and the strength to guide us toward a more perfect union.
Thank you.
Waiting with Sen. Bob Casey (D-Pa.) to speak at the commemoration ceremony.
Pressing Attorney General Holder To Allow Children To Get A Better Education
I am pleased that Attorney General Eric Holder has dropped an injunction that would have trapped 570 needy children in failing public schools solely because of their skin color. The reversal by the Justice Department comes less than a month after
I called for Attorney General Holder to explain
his actions.
The Louisiana Scholarship Program, launched three years after Hurricane Katrina, grants poor children the opportunity to escape failing public schools and attend a different school chosen by their parents. Last year, the program helped over 5,700 needy children (91 percent of whom are minorities) and raised test scores - all while saving taxpayers $18 million. Attorney General Holder's Justice Department was suing to return 570 of these children to failing schools, on the grounds that it is more important to preserve a school's racial make-up than help children.
I am relieved these children will now have the opportunity to get a good education. But this chance for a better life should never have been in question in the first place. Our children are not statistics. They deserve the opportunity to escape the cycle of poverty and violence through a good education. The fact that Mr. Holder would block any child from a good education is bad enough. The fact that he tried to do so based solely on the children's race is inexcusable. I am delighted the Justice Department has seen the light and dropped this unfortunate injunction.
Working To Help Protect Israel &amp; Strengthen Middle East Security
This week, I introduced legislation expressing congressional support for Israel against potential threats posed by Iran and Syria. My bill calls upon the Defense Secretary to identify opportunities for cooperation and partnership that will help ensure Israel can adequately protect itself against an Iranian nuclear threat. It also affirms support for Israel's right to respond should Syria follow through with plans to obtain a surface-to-air missile system from Russia.
In Jerusalem, 2011.
Since taking office in 2011, I have made support for Israel a priority. I also worked in a bipartisan manner to ensure that
President Obama stands with Israel .
Recently, I joined dozens of my Senate colleagues in requesting that President Obama act swiftly to
halt Iran's quest to develop nuclear weapons .
Demonstrating My Concern About Fed Policy
This week, the Senate Banking Committee, of which I am a member, voted to confirm Federal Reserve Vice-Chair Janet Yellen to be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. I admire Dr. Yellen's many years of dedicated public service, her impressive academic background, and her experience with the Federal Reserve. I also appreciate her taking the time to meet with me last week.
However, the Fed's years of extraordinary monetary easing pose grave and growing risks to our economy. The danger of a dramatic spike in interest rates, unsustainable asset bubbles, and job-killing inflation will be exacerbated as long as the Fed keeps these policies in place. Moreover, ultra-low interest rates harm middle-class savers, seniors, and retirees in Pennsylvania who rely on interest from their savings and pensions.
As a senator, my only opportunity to demonstrate serious concerns about Federal Reserve policy is by withholding consent for this nominee and thus I did not support Dr. Yellen's nomination.
Photo Journal
I greeted Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia at the ceremony for the 150th anniversary of the Gettysburg Address. During the commemoration, Justice Scalia swore in 16 new American citizens.
I had a productive meeting with David Morehouse, CEO of the
Pittsburgh Penguins ,
this week. He and his team briefed me on plans to redevelop Pittsburgh's old Civic Arena site.
HOW CAN I HELP?
EMAIL US
FEDERAL GRANTS
VISITING D.C.
FLAG REQUESTS
FEDERAL AGENCY HELP
MORE
WHERE I STAND
Budget, Jobs &amp; the Economy
Education
Energy
Health Care
Israel and the Middle East
Life, Family and Marriage
National Security and Defense
Veterans
IN THE NEWS
News
Photo Blog
Video
Audio
Official Photos
Newsletter Archive
PLEASE CONTACT SENATOR TOOMEY AT ONE OF THE FOLLOWING OFFICES:
ALLENTOWN, PA
PH: (610) 434-1444
ERIE, PA
PH: (814) 453-3010
HARRISBURG, PA
PH: (717) 782-3951
JOHNSTOWN, PA
PH: (814) 266-5970
PHILADELPHIA, PA
PH: (215) 241-1090
PITTSBURGH, PA
PH: (412) 803-3501
SCRANTON, PA
PH: (570) 941-3540
WASHINGTON, D.C.
PH: (202) 224-4254
For more information, news, and contact details, please visit us at
http://toomey.senate.gov Unsubscribe
