
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
NOVEMBER 15, 2013
Please allow me to update you on some of this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks Out Against Obamacare's Insurance Cancellations
This week, I took to the Senate floor to speak out against the Obama
Administration's Affordable Care Act by sharing the story of the
Mangiones, a family from Kentucky affected by Obamacare.
The President promised that if we liked our doctors, we could keep them under Obamacare . He also promised if we liked our insurance, we could keep it. But he needs to tell Andy Mangione and his family why they must change their insurance policy now that Obamacare has been implemented.
Mr. President, Obamacare was presented to the American public under false pretenses and now it is time for you to come forward and explain why we cannot keep
our doctor or insurance policies under Obamacare.
Click
HERE
or below to view the video and transcript of my floor speech.
Dr. Rand Paul Addresses Cadets at The Citadel
On Monday, I spoke to cadets at The Military College of South
Carolina, commonly referred to simply as The Citadel in Charleston,
S.C. In my speech, I addressed America's foreign policy and my intention
to announce the formation of a task force to modernize and strengthen
our nation's military. See below for excerpts from my
remarks at the Citadel.
"We do ourselves no favors when we aid the enemies of freedom around
the world. America has always stood tall as a shining beacon of hope and
freedom to the world. America's guiding light is made possible by those
willing to wield the sword and shield. Unwavering. Steadfast. The
American soldier, a volunteer in defense of liberty. For you we are
grateful: for your strength, your service and your sacrifice."
Click
HERE
to read my entire speech, and click
HERE
or below to watch my remarks at The Citadel.
Dr. Rand Paul Asks DHS Nominee Johnson: Do You Think the Fourth Amendment Applies to My Visa Purchases?
As a member of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs
Committee, on Wednesday I attended the nomination hearing of Jeh Johnson
to be Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. During the
hearing, I asked Mr. Johnson a series of questions regarding the scope
of Fourth Amendment protections on American citizens, as well as civil
liberties and privacy issues.
Click
HERE
or below for the video and transcript of my testimony.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Bowling Green Chamber of Commerce
On Wednesday, I met with the members of the Bowling Green Chamber of
Commerce, including Ron Bunch, President &amp; CEO Bowling Green Area Chamber of Commerce, Mike Buchanon,Warren County Judge Executive, Robbin Taylor, WKU's Vice President of Public Affairs and Gary
Ransdell, President of WKU. We discussed tax reform and other pieces of legislation that
directly affect the city of Bowling Green.
(Dr. Paul with members of the Bowling Green Chamber of Commerce. From left: Robbin Taylor, Gary Ransdell, Dr. Paul, Mike Buchanon, and Ron Bunch - November 13, 2013)
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with Kentucky's HealthSouth Corporations
Also on Wednesday, I sat down to meet with HealthSouth Corporations,
including Lori Jarboe, CEO of HealthSouth Lakeview Rehabilitation
Hospital of Central Kentucky and Dick Evans, CEO of HealthSouth Northern
Kentucky. During the meeting, we discussed a number of important issues
including Medicare payment policy for physicians, deficit reduction and
the federal budget.
(Dr. Rand Paul with Kentucky's HealthSouth Corporations - November 13, 2013)
Dr. Rand Paul, Sen. McConnell, and Rep. Whitfield Statement on Paducah DOE Site
On Thursday, Sen. McConnell, Rep. Whitfield, and I met with
Department of Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz for an update regarding the Paducah Department of Energy Site.
Our Paducah community has long endured the hardships associated with
uranium enrichment at the Paducah DOE site. When it became clear that
the Gaseous Diffusion Plant would ultimately be closing, we aggressively
sought out partners with Paducah's best interests in mind. That is why
we have been placing constant pressure on the Department of Energy to
select a plan through DOE's competitive 'request for offers' process
that will enable future development in Paducah.
To that end, we are encouraged by Secretary Moniz's comments
that using DOE's depleted uranium assets for development in Paducah
'remains a very important criteria' to the Department of Energy as they
finalize their decision on the request for offers process. The people of
Paducah deserve stability and certainty, which is why we are pleased by
Secretary Moniz's comments confirming that a final decision is
coming soon.
We expect DOE to make its decision shortly.
Senate Passes Resolution Calling for the Release of Pastor Abedini
On Thursday night, the U.S. Senate passed legislation calling for the government of Iran to immediately release Pastor Saeed
Abedini and all other individuals detained on account of their religious
beliefs.
The U.S. Senate began the process of ending religious persecution
abroad. We will not sit back and watch as Americans are detained due to
their religious beliefs. Our government must call on Iran to release
American Pastor Saeed Abedini and all other individuals detained based
on their religious beliefs. As a co-sponsor of this legislation, I am encouraged by the Senate's decision to unanimously consent to the passage of this
resolution and I will continue to do all that I can to protect American
citizens from religious persecution abroad.
Click
HERE
to read my statement in its entirety.
Media Wrap-Up
This past week, I appeared on Fox New's
Hannity
and spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as
stations in Kentucky including Mike Allen of Real Life 1380AM Radio. I
also penned op-eds in the
Courier Journal
and
Breitbart .
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a
Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern,
feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a
discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Twitter account
HERE
and my Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
