
November 19, 2013
Greetings,
Today we honor the 150th anniversary of President Lincoln&rsquo;s Gettysburg Address.
In one of the most impactful moments in American history, President Lincoln delivered these powerful words:
&ldquo;The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here.&rdquo;
Yet his words have rung in the chorus of our country&rsquo;s history for 150 years because they resonate with the Declaration of Independence&rsquo;s statement of that simple yet profound truth &ldquo;that all men are created equal.&rdquo;
In the devastating Civil War that pitted brother against brother, our people suffered much to expel the evil of slavery and ensure that this nation protected the rights of all people.
I visited the Library of Congress where a copy of the address is on display. I encourage you to take a moment to see the document and
listen to the words
of that two-minute masterpiece.
Then, I hope you will keep reading below for an update on our efforts to uphold the liberty that makes this nation exceptional.
All the best,
Ted Cruz
Sen. Cruz Speaks Against the Harms of Obamacare
Last Friday, Senator Cruz
spoke with Chris Wallace
about the pain Obamacare continues to inflict upon millions of Americans. No short-term fix will take back the cancelation notices and increasing premiums that more than 5 million Americans are facing. The Senator also discussed the next phase of harm Obamacare will impose:
"One of the next shoes that is going to be dropping is you're going to see more and more people realizing they can't keep their doctor. Texas Oncology, one of the very best cancer centers in Texas, has just announced it's not going to participate in Obamacare. I've gotta tell you, I've got people who are close friends who are cancer survivors who are discovering now they can't go to their cancer doctor because Obamacare has denied them their doctor," Cruz continued. "That's the next shoe that's going to fall."
The only solution is a full repeal of a law that is flawed to its core. Only then will we be on a path to restore economic growth and increase opportunities for families and individuals to have personal, portable, and truly affordable health care.
Senator Cruz Commends Passage of Senate Resolution Calling for Release of American Pastor Imprisoned in Iran
On Friday, Senator Cruz praised Senate passage of a bipartisan resolution calling for American Pastor Saeed Abedini&rsquo;s release. The Senator was encouraged by the Senate&rsquo;s united effort to speak for the injustice that Pastor Abedini is suffering and the Iran government&rsquo;s violations of basic human rights.
"The United States Senate should be commended for passing S. Res. 284 by unanimous consent, and I appreciate the leadership Senators Risch and Crapo have taken on this issue on behalf of their constituent, Saeed Abedini. Pastor Saeed's detention and brutal treatment by the Islamic Republic of Iran is an outrage, and I am proud to join my colleagues in calling for his immediate release. I hope President Obama and Secretary of State Kerry will take every opportunity to raise his case, and make clear to the Iranian regime that this abuse of an American citizen, for peacefully practicing his faith, materially undermines any suggestion that they have moderated their oppressive policies."
Austin Office
300 E. 8th St, Suite #961
Austin, TX 78701
Phone: (512) 916-5834
Dallas Office
Lee Park Tower II,
Suite #410
Dallas, TX 75219
Phone: (214) 599-3500
Houston Office
808 Travis St., Suite #1420
Houston, TX 77002
San Antonio Office
3133 General Hudnell Dr.,
Suite # 120
San Antonio, TX 78226
Phone: (210) 340-2885
Tyler Office
305 S. Broadway,
Suite 501
Tyler, TX 75702
Phone: (903) 593-5130
Washington Office
185 Dirksen Senate Office
Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5922
If you no longer wish to receive these emails please
click here to unsubscribe.
