DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | November 21, 2013
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
Thank you to those who have shared their healthcare stories with me over the past week. Weve had a wide range of responses to how the new law is working for residents of the 39th district, including higher premiums, lower premiums, and cancelled coverage. If you havent yet, please click
here
to share your Obamacare story.
Reports released by the Administration show that only 106,185 Americans enrolled in the new healthcare law in the first month of the rollout. But up to one million Californians, and millions across the country, are expected to lose their current coverage even if they are content with their plans. That's why I voted for the Keep Your Health Plan Act of 2013, legislation that allows providers to continue to offer in 2014 those health insurance plans in effect in the individual market as of January 1, 2013. I believe, as the President himself promised the American people, that if you like your current plan you should be able to keep it. This legislation passed in the House of Representatives.
In my role as Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I sent a
letter
to President Obama expressing my strong concerns regarding the interim agreement under negotiation with Iran. We must sustain economic pressure and consequent political pressure on the Iranian regime if we hope to reach a final agreement in which Iran has verifiably dismantled its nuclear program.
I look forward to working with the President in supporting diplomatic efforts and buttressing them with tough pressure on Iran. This approach offers the best path to peacefully eliminate the Iranian nuclear threat.
With the holiday season in full swing, I hope you get to spend time with friends and family over the next few weeks and that you have a Happy Thanksgiving!
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for the Week of November 18, 2013
Chairman Royce Hosts Indian American Meetup
Rep. Ed Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, joined several other House Republicans in hosting the first-ever Indian American Meetup at the United States Capitol. The event, a joint initiative by the House Republican Conference and the House Foreign Affairs Committee, included Indian American community leaders from across the country. Royce has been actively involved in strengthening relations between the U.S. and India, including managing the U.S.-India Civil Nuclear Agreement on the House Floor. Royce also served as Chairman of the Congressional Caucus on India and Indian Americans.
Share Your Obamacare Story
Rep. Royce has heard from many of his constituents who have been affected by the new healthcare law. Have you had your policy cancelled, are you facing higher premiums, lower premiums? Share your Obamacare story with Rep. Royce and let us know what changes in coverage you are experiencing.
Share Your Story Here
EVENTS
December 5, 2013:
A member of Rep. Ed Royce's staff will be available for mobile office hours on Thursday, December 5th in the Red Tailed Hawk Room in the City Clerks Office at Chino Hills City Hall (14000 City Center Dr.). Mobile office hours provide an opportunity for constituents to meet with Rep. Royce and his staff members for assistance with a variety of services and issues.
Read More.
In Case You Missed It
As part of a KCBS News investigative report, Rep. Ed Royce spoke about the station's discovery that millions of Los Angeles County food stamp funds have been spent in Las Vegas casinos, bars and tattoo parlors. KCBS discovered nearly $4.6 million in Los Angeles welfare payments being spent out of state, including vacation destinations like Hawaii, Puerto Rico and Las Vegas. Rep. Royce told KCBS that the state of California has been notified for the past two years of this type of fraud, but has done little to stop it.
Watch
Here .
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Foreign Intrigue Blog
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here