
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
November 01, 2013
Dear
Friend,
Last Sunday I announced my decision to
co-sponsor H.R. 15, the Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration
Modernization Act. Id like to explain a bit about what this bill
does, as Ive seen a lot of misinformation over the last week about this
legislation.
I joined Rep. Joe Garcia for a Google
hangout to discuss our individual perspectives on H.R. 15 this week.
Click on the photo above to view the full
hangout.
The Border Security, Economic Opportunity,
and Immigration Modernization Act includes a 13-year path to earned
citizenship. It includes the
ENLIST Act , a bill I
introduced to allow otherwise qualified undocumented immigrants to earn
citizenship through service in our armed forces. H.R. 15 also
includes the text of the House
border security bill
sponsored by Rep. Michael McCaul (R-TX), which passed the Committee on
Homeland Security with bipartisan, unanimous support. The new border plan
in this House bill makes securing the border a requirement, not a
goal. It tasks the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with creating a
border security plan that must be at least 90 percent effective at
apprehending those crossing the border illegally. Furthermore, it
requires that DHSs plan be verified by outside experts including the
Government Accountability Office (GAO) before one dollar is spent on new
resources. It sets distinct benchmarks and metrics to measure success and
failure. I believe that if we fail to secure our border, any other
reform will be rendered ineffective, so border security is my first
priority in regards to immigration legislation. I also believe we must
strengthen enforcement of our laws and that as we move forward with
reform, we should institute a mandatory eVerify system.
Under
H.R. 15, current undocumented immigrants become eligible to follow a
three-step process to earned citizenship.
Current
undocumented immigrants could apply for temporary legal status called
Registered Provisional Immigrant (RPI) status. Individuals must meet
certain requirements, including having entered the country prior to
December 31, 2011, passing background checks and demonstrating that they
have not been convicted of crimes. Additionally, to apply for RPI
status, undocumented immigrants must pay all of their back taxes, a $500
penalty, a form filing fee and the application processing
fee.
- After they become RPIs, they can reside legally for 6 years.
After 6 years, they must apply for renewal of RPI status by proving that
they are still employed in the United States, passing additional
background checks and paying additional
fees.
After ten years, RPIs can apply for LPR (legal permanent resident)
status. They must meet a new series of requirements, including paying a
penalty, maintaining designated income levels, passing criminal and
security background checks and demonstrating that they have been paying
taxes while living with RPI status.
After
three years as LPRs, they could apply for citizenship by meeting the
next set of requirement, matching the current set of citizenship
requirements on the law books today: establishing continuous residence,
being able to read, write and speak English and pass a civics course, and
being physically present in the United States for 30 months out of
the 5 years immediately preceding their
application.
I believe a system which has led to over 11 million people currently
living in the country as undocumented immigrants is undeniably broken.
The 1986 laws failed to secure our border and to address all aspects
of reform. Current laws are lacking todays problems and we have an
opportunity to find an American solution. This issue is a priority for
me, and I welcome your feedback as we continue to debate this topic here
in the House and across the country.
The Farm Bill
conference committee met for the first time on Wednesday. As a farmer in
the Central Valley, I know that this Farm Bill will set the stage for a
thriving future for our states 81,000 farms and ranches. California
is number one in the nation in agricultural revenue, grossing nearly
$45 billion annually, and there is something for every one of our
states 400 different commodities. I look forward to working with House and
Senate colleagues to produce a bill that can be signed into law and
give certainty to farmers across the country in the coming
weeks.
I met with Robert Ott, who traveled here from Modesto with his
wife Sharon and toured some of the sights in D.C. I helped the Otts
book tours of the Supreme Court, Library of Congress, Kennedy Center
and U.S. Capitol building.
Bob and Susan Ott visited my office in Washington on
Wednesday.
I hope each of
you had a wonderful and safe Halloween with family and friends, and
Im looking forward to spending time with many of you while Im home
next week!
As always, I welcome your thoughts, questions
and concerns. The opportunity to represent you is an honor. To stay up
to date with what Im doing in Washington, D.C., please be sure to
follow me on
Twitter
and
Facebook
or visit my
website . You can also share our
weekly newsletter .
JEFF
DENHAM
There are three legislative weeks left in the year and
many issues that I would like to see addressed in that time. What are
your top priorities for the remainder of the year? Passing legislation to generate jobs
and improve the economy Passing legislation to cut government spending and
debt Signing a Farm Bill
into law Getting the Keystone XL pipeline signed into law Passing immigration reform
legislation Agreeing to a
fiscally responsible budget in the Budget conference
committee Finding a fix for the
Presidents health care law Other If you answered "other" to the question above, what is
your top priority for the remainder of the year? *By answering this survey, you are subscribing to my
newsletter. If you are having trouble, click
here.
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates
from my office to your e-mail account.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P:
209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
