
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
MEET STEVE
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA
CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
November 01, 2013
Montana is home to more veterans per capita than almost any other
state in the nation, and its critical that these brave men and women
receive the support they need and the benefits they deserve. Last
week, I joined veterans service providers in Bozeman and met with the
residents and staff at the Willis Cruse House in Helena to discuss how we
can continue to improve services for our
veterans.
Im proud to share that a number of steps
were taken this week to ensure our veterans have the resources and
care they deserve. We have a duty to ensure that the promises we've made
to these men and women are kept, and as Montana's Congressman, I will
always be an advocate for the thousands of veterans who call Montana
home.
This week the
House came together and passed several bipartisan bills to assist our
veterans in need, provide additional GI education benefits to our veterans
of post-9/11 conflicts, help veterans receive the training they need
to find good jobs, and address the backlog of disability claims at the
VA.
We also took important
steps to address the problems that Montana veterans are facing under a
new VA headstone policy, which has resulted in a number of veterans
being laid to rest without a proper grave marker recognizing their
service. Under current policy, the VA has stopped accepting veteran
headstone applications from anyone except authorized family members or the
veteran themselves, thus halting efforts from veterans groups to provide
headstones to homeless veterans or veterans lacking next of kin. In
just this year alone, eight veterans were buried in the Yellowstone
County Veterans Cemetery in Laurel, Montana without VA issued headstones.
This is simply
unacceptable.
On Wednesday, I attended a Veterans Affairs Committee hearing
and questioned a senior VA official on the policy. Im happy to share
that under my questioning, the VA has pledge to fix this problem and
take steps to ensure the veterans buried in Yellowstone County Veterans
Cemetery receive the veterans headstones they
deserve.
To view video from this hearing, please
click below:
Click
here
to watch
In addition, I have joined several other
members of Congress in sponsoring legislation to correct this policy. The
Honor Those Who Served Act would allow veterans advocacy groups,
military researchers, local historians, and other civic organizations to
request headstones on behalf of fallen veterans to ensure a proper
military burial.
While we
can never fully repay the debt we owe to those who fight for our
freedoms, we can work every day to uphold the promises weve made. As the son
of a Marine, I know that honoring the commitment weve made to the
men and women of the armed forces is critically important, and I will
work diligently to protect the benefits they
deserve.
Sincerely,
Washington D.C.
206 Cannon HOB
Washington,
DC 20515
phone: 202-225-3211
Billings
District
222 North 32nd Street
Suite 900
Billings, MT
59101
phone: 406-969-1736
Great Falls
District
104 2nd Street South
Suite 103
Great
Falls, MT 59404
phone: 406-315-3860
Helena
District
910 N. Last Chance Gulch
Suite B
Helena, MT
59601
phone: 406-502-1435
Missoula District
110 West Front Street
Missoula, MT 59802
phone:
406-926-2122
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
