
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Week of November 18, 2013
Obamacare: Predictions Coming True; Kentuckians Deserve Better
McConnell: &lsquo;And the fact is, a lot of folks warned about these consequences coming to pass. But the President&rsquo;s political machine just steamrolled anybody who spoke up. They laughed it all off. Dismissed everyone else as naysayers and cynics.&rsquo;
Throughout the week, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor about the failings of Obamacare and how Senate Democrats are distracting Americans by avoiding the consequences of Obamacare.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell delivered floor remarks regarding the predictable consequences of Obamacare and the repeated warnings by Republicans about Americans losing their health plans and rising costs and skyrocketing premiums.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;What we haven&rsquo;t seen, of course, is anything even approaching a good answer as to why the President told the American people one thing and did the other. Or a solution to the national crisis of millions of Americans &mdash; some with very serious medical conditions &mdash; heading into the holiday season having just been told they will lose their health care plans. The folks who voted for this law and the President whose name it bears did everything they could to keep these folks in the dark about the realities of Obamacare for more than three years&hellip;they gambled that their constituents would just learn to live with Obamacare and forget the false promises.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech on Wednesday.
Senator McConnell has heard from many Kentuckians regarding the impact that Obamacare is having on them, their families, small businesses, etc. During his floor speech Senator McConnell shared stories from some of his constituents, which are just a sampling of what he&rsquo;s hearing as a result of Obamacare:
A Lexington resident told Senator McConnell that: &ldquo;[The] health plan that I've had for 10 years just got cancelled, and the least expensive plan on the exchange is a 246% increase &ndash; that means hundreds of extra dollars per month we don't have.&rdquo;
A Rockfield resident said Obamacare is negatively impacting her family&rsquo;s finances and quality of care. &ldquo;The sad truth,&rdquo; she said, &ldquo;is that like my co-workers, my deductible has doubled along with my premiums. The only way to be able to adjust is for us to either reduce or stop our 401K contributions. This is hardly affordable health care.&rdquo;
A Nicholasville resident wrote Senator McConnell to say that the health plan available to her through the Obamacare exchange would cost more than her family&rsquo;s house payment and car payment combined. Here&rsquo;s what she said: &ldquo;We are just average Kentuckians working and living paycheck to paycheck without any assistance from government programs. I really don't know what we will do if we have to pay that amount out for insurance. We might lose our home&hellip;our transportation&hellip;my daughter might have to drop out of college&hellip;the list just goes on and on. What are we supposed to do?&rdquo;
Senator McConnell believes his constituents deserve better. Republicans are ready to repeal Obamacare and start over with real reforms that decrease costs and improve access to care. Kentuckians are sharing their Obamacare stories with Senator McConnell. Please share your story
HERE .
High Risk Insurance Pool Enrollees Losing Coverage Because of Obamacare
Over the past few weeks, news reports have unveiled a vivid, painful confirmation of the predictions that Senator McConnell and Republicans made about Obamacare over the past several years. Most notable among them, perhaps, was that the President&rsquo;s oft-repeated promise &lsquo;If you like your plan, you can keep it,&rsquo; just couldn&rsquo;t be true.
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor regarding cancelled insurance policies as a result of Obamacare. He spoke about Americans with serious medical conditions, such as those suffering from diabetes and heart disease, who unfortunately under Obamacare will lose their coverage at the end of the year that many want to keep.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;High-risk pools have often proven successful and popular among the communities they serve. They currently provide insurance to hundreds of thousands of Americans, including thousands of Kentuckians, nearly all of them with pre-existing conditions&hellip;the very people the law was supposed to help.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech on Tuesday.
&ldquo;I&rsquo;ve said this before, and I&rsquo;ll say it again. These are people&rsquo;s lives we&rsquo;re talking about. So it&rsquo;s time for a reality check. The defenders of Obamacare have a choice: stand up for your constituents, or defend a law that&rsquo;s falling apart before our very eyes &ndash; a law that threatens to drag down the quality and affordability of care for millions of Americans who need it, including those most in need.&rdquo;
&ldquo;Well, a lot of folks in Kentucky don&rsquo;t think this is right, and they&rsquo;re upset. These stories we&rsquo;re hearing from my constituents are heartbreaking. This isn&rsquo;t some hassle to move past. It&rsquo;s a problem to solve. It&rsquo;s what we were sent here for. And it&rsquo;s what real health care reform should be about &mdash; about helping folks, not hurting them.&rdquo;
On Friday, Senator McConnell spoke with Kentuckians about Obamacare at Baptist Health Paducah.
Republican Senators Introduce Bill to Protect Health Insurance Plans of Millions of Americans
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell joined Senators Alexander (R-TN), Risch (R-ID), and Rubio (R-FL) in introducing the
Self-Insurance Protection Act
(SIPA) which would protect the right of employers to provide insurance to employees through self-insurance plans. Currently 100 million Americans receive health insurance through employers or labor unions that self-insure, meaning they pay employee health costs directly.
This bill would preserve the ability of small and mid-sized businesses to self-insure, allow employers to continue providing quality health benefits to their employees, and prevent the Administration from forcing their employees into exchanges.
Senator McConnell said: &ldquo;Millions of Americans are living with the consequences of the President&rsquo;s broken promises on Obamacare. In their zeal to defend their failing bureaucracy, the Obama Administration must not break its promises to the millions of Americans who work at businesses that self-insure by preventing them from keeping the coverage they have and like.&rdquo;
McConnell Cosponsors Bill to End Obamacare&rsquo;s Taxpayer Bailout of Insurers
Last week&rsquo;s announcement by President Obama that he would act to &ldquo;fix&rdquo; his broken promise of &ldquo;If you like your plan, you can keep your plan&rdquo; increases the likelihood of a bailout of health insurance companies with taxpayer dollars.
On Tuesday, Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) introduced the
ObamaCare Bailout Prevention Act . Senator McConnell is a cosponsor of the legislation which would eliminate a provision of Obamacare that allows for taxpayer-funded bailouts of insurance companies at the Obama Administration&rsquo;s sole discretion. This bill would ensure that no bailout would occur under Obamacare.
McConnell Cosponsors Legislation to Improve Care for Armed Forces
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell signed on as a cosponsor to bipartisan legislation that would improve care for servicemembers and veterans with urotrauma.
This is the Senate version of a bill Congressman Brett Guthrie (R-KY) introduced and that passed in the U.S. House of Representatives in June.
The legislation would require the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs to jointly develop a comprehensive policy for treating service members suffering from urotrauma wounds, which are among the most common and debilitating kinds suffered by our troops from IED blasts.
Senator McConnell discussed this legislation with Dr. William Lee of Lexington, Kentucky during his visit to Washington as a representative with the American Urological Association.
Dr. Lee of Lexington meets with Senator McConnell in his office in the U.S. Capitol.
On Friday, Senator McConnell visited with Kentucky Veterans at the Kentucky Veterans &amp; Patriots Museum in Wickliffe, Kentucky.
McConnell Congratulates Kentuckian for Being Named an &lsquo;Angel in Adoption&rsquo;
McConnell nominated Maysville resident for award
On Saturday, November 23rd, many across our nation will celebrate National Adoption Day. Last month, Senator McConnell met with Carrie Gerber of Maysville, Kentucky, and congratulated her for receiving the 2013
Angel in Adoption
award. She was nominated for the award by Senator McConnell.
The Gerbers asked Senator McConnell for his assistance to help with the adoption of their children from Guatemala. Senator McConnell contacted the State Department as well as Guatemalan officials on behalf of the Gerbers and other Kentucky families having adoption issues.
&ldquo;It was an honor to welcome the Gerbers to the nation&rsquo;s capital and personally congratulate Carrie on becoming an
Angel in Adoption ,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;Her dedication to providing a loving home and family for her children demonstrates not only her commitment as a mother, but serves as inspiration to other families facing similar challenges.&rdquo;
Angels in Adoption
is a public awareness campaign by the Congressional Coalition on Adoption Institute. Each year, Congress members can nominate a constituent who is helping to improve the lives of their foster children and orphans.
John and Carrie Gerber of Maysville, Kentucky meet with Sen. McConnell in his office in the U.S. Capitol.
In Case You Missed It
Click
HERE
to read the latest Obamacare op-ed by Senator McConnell:
If You Like Your Doctor Or Hospital, You
Can&rsquo;t
Keep Them
Click
HERE
to read a story from the
Associated Press
about the prominent profile of Kentucky's two U.S. Senators in Washington, D.C.
Tuesday, November 19th marked the 150th anniversary of President Abraham Lincoln&rsquo;s inspiring address at Gettysburg. Senator McConnell recently visited Hodgenville where the birthplace of President Abraham Lincoln is located and spoke with constituents at The Lincoln Museum of Kentucky. Click
HERE
for information about visiting the museum.
Giving Thanks
Elaine and I want to wish everyone in Kentucky a happy Thanksgiving and extend our best wishes for a warm holiday season. Thanksgiving is a time to be with family, and to express our gratitude for the blessings we all have in life. I&rsquo;m certainly grateful for all that Kentucky has given me, and for the support I&rsquo;ve received from so many of you over the years. Enjoy your holiday. -Mitch McConnell
Last week, Senator McConnell and his wife participated in the Veterans Day Parade in Owensboro.
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation's capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
