
Website
Contact Me
Issues &
Legislation
Constituent Services
Newsroom
A Weekly e-Newsletter from
Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
November 22, 2013
Dear Friends,
This week, the Senate began work on a defense authorization bill,
S.1197. On Thursday, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev.,
implemented what is known as the "nuclear option" to weaken the Senate's
filibuster rule so that Democrats can more easily win confirmation for
President Obama's judicial nominees.
Nuclear Option
Yesterday, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., successfully
changed the Senate rules to allow a simple majority of Senators, or 51
votes, to confirm President Obama's judicial nominees. Until yesterday,
judicial nominees needed 60 votes to be confirmed. This highly
controversial maneuver by Senate Democrats to weaken the filibuster
rule is commonly referred to as the "nuclear option."
By weakening the filibuster rule, Senate Democrats diminished the
Senate's ability to be thoughtful and deliberate and the result could
be a runaway Senate. I don't believe that the nuclear option is good
for Senate or for the country. To read more about my thoughts on this
issue, read my interview with the Atlanta Journal-Constitution
.
Obamacare
This week, I signed up for an Obamacare health plan for myself and my
wife. As mandated by law, members of Congress and their staff are
required to sign up on the DC Obamacare exchanges by December 9.
After navigating several glitches on the exchange website and
attempting to submit an application three times, I was finally able to
enroll in a plan. Through my own experience, I share the frustrations
of the many Georgians who have contacted me about the countless
glitches and issues they have encountered with the Obamacare system.
Furthermore, I continue to hear story after story of how Georgians are
losing their current health care coverage and seeing their health care
premiums skyrocket. Are you one of the 400,000 Georgians who have lost
their health care coverage or are suffering as a result of this
terrible law? If so, I invite you to share your story by visiting
Republican.Senate.Gov/YourStory
.
I appeared on Fox Business on Wednesday to discuss how Obamacare is
failing and beginning to collapse under its own weight. I called on the
administration to scrap this terrible law and to start over. To watch
the interview, click here
.
I have voted to defund or repeal Obamacare almost 60 times, and I
continue to support its full repeal. I have also co-sponsored dozens of
legislative proposals that would repeal the law in full or provisions
in the law, including both the Obamacare Repeal Act, S.177, and, more
recently, the Defund Obamacare Act, S.1292.
The Savannah Harbor and Economic Development in Georgia
This week, as part of my ongoing work to deepen the Port of Savannah, I
traveled to the Panama Canal with Vice President Biden. We were also
joined by Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed, who has been instrumental in moving
the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project forward, as well as a member of
Congress and mayors of port cities.
Since arriving in Congress, I have worked to expand the Port of
Savannah to accommodate an increase in the number of super-sized
container vessels transiting the Panama Canal after its 2015 deepening.
The Savannah Harbor Expansion Project is my top economic priority in
the Senate because studies show this project has a 5.5-to-1 benefit to
cost ratio, meaning that for every dollar spent on the deepening, the
nation will reap $5.50 in benefits.
According to the Georgia Ports Authority, Georgia's deepwater ports and
inland barge terminals support more than 352,000 jobs throughout the
state annually and contribute $18.5 billion in income, $66.9 billion in
revenue and $2.5 billion in state and local taxes to Georgia's economy.
The Port of Savannah is the second busiest U.S. container port for the
export of American goods by tonnage.
It was an invaluable experience to see the Panama Expansion Project
firsthand and to learn more about the project as it relates to the
Savannah Harbor. I applaud the administration for placing a high
priority on U.S. ports. I am particularly excited as it pertains to the
Savannah Harbor Expansion Project, as it is critically important to the
state of Georgia, Southeast region and nation and will support hundreds
of thousands of jobs each year while generating billions in revenue.
I
will continue to work with the White House, the state of Georgia and
Congress to see this project through to its completion.
What's on Tap?
Next week, the Senate will not be in session in observance of
Thanksgiving. I hope that you have a blessed and happy holiday with
friends and family.
Sincerely,
Johnny Isakson
Office Locations
Washington, D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Tel: (202) 224-3643
Fax: (202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970
3625 Cumberland Blvd
Atlanta, GA 30339
Tel: (770) 661-0999
Fax: (770) 661-0768
You have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our
mailing list.
Click here to unsubscribe
.
A
Message From Senator Isakson
Website
Contact
Me
Issues
&amp; Legislation
Constituent
Services
Newsroom
A
Weekly e-Newsletter from Senator Johnny Isakson (R-GA)
November 22, 2013
Dear Friends,
This week, the Senate began work on a defense authorization bill, S.1197. On Thursday, Senate
Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., implemented what is known as the &#8220;nuclear option&#8221; to
weaken the Senate&#8217;s filibuster rule so that Democrats can more easily win confirmation for President
Obama&#8217;s judicial nominees.
Nuclear Option Yesterday, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., successfully
changed the Senate rules to allow a simple majority of Senators, or 51 votes, to confirm President Obama&#8217;s
judicial nominees. Until yesterday, judicial nominees needed 60 votes to be confirmed. This highly controversial
maneuver by Senate Democrats to weaken the filibuster rule is commonly referred to as the &#8220;nuclear
option.&#8221;
By weakening the filibuster rule, Senate Democrats diminished the Senate&#8217;s ability to be
thoughtful and deliberate and the result could be a runaway Senate. I don&#8217;t believe that the nuclear
option is good for Senate or for the country. To read more about my thoughts on this issue,
read
my interview with the Atlanta Journal-Constitution .
Obamacare This week, I signed up for an Obamacare health plan for myself
and my wife. As mandated by law, members of Congress and their staff are required to sign up on the DC
Obamacare exchanges by December 9.
After navigating several glitches on the exchange website and attempting to submit an application
three times, I was finally able to enroll in a plan. Through my own experience, I share the frustrations
of the many Georgians who have contacted me about the countless glitches and issues they have encountered
with the Obamacare system.
Furthermore, I continue to hear story after story of how Georgians are losing their current health
care coverage and seeing their health care premiums skyrocket. Are you one of the 400,000 Georgians who
have lost their health care coverage or are suffering as a result of this terrible law? If so, I invite
you to share your story by visiting
Republican.Senate.Gov/YourStory .
I appeared on Fox Business on Wednesday to discuss how Obamacare is failing and beginning to collapse
under its own weight. I called on the administration to scrap this terrible law and to start over. To
watch the interview,
click here .
I have voted to defund or repeal Obamacare almost 60 times, and I continue to support its full
repeal. I have also co-sponsored dozens of legislative proposals that would repeal the law in full or
provisions in the law, including both the
Obamacare Repeal Act , S.177, and, more recently, the
Defund Obamacare Act , S.1292.
The Savannah Harbor and Economic Development in Georgia
This week, as part of my ongoing work to deepen the Port of Savannah, I traveled to the Panama
Canal with Vice President Biden. We were also joined by Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed, who has been instrumental
in moving the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project forward, as well as a member of Congress and mayors of
port cities.
Since arriving in Congress, I have worked to expand the Port of Savannah to accommodate an increase
in the number of super-sized container vessels transiting the Panama Canal after its 2015 deepening.
The Savannah Harbor Expansion Project is my top economic priority in the Senate because studies
show this project has a 5.5-to-1 benefit to cost ratio, meaning that for every dollar spent on the deepening,
the nation will reap $5.50 in benefits.
According to the Georgia Ports Authority, Georgia&#8217;s deepwater ports and inland barge terminals
support more than 352,000 jobs throughout the state annually and contribute $18.5 billion in income,
$66.9 billion in revenue and $2.5 billion in state and local taxes to Georgia&#8217;s economy. The Port
of Savannah is the second busiest U.S. container port for the export of American goods by tonnage.
It was an invaluable experience to see the Panama Expansion Project firsthand and to learn more
about the project as it relates to the Savannah Harbor. I applaud the administration for placing a high
priority on U.S. ports. I am particularly excited as it pertains to the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project,
as it is critically important to the state of Georgia, Southeast region and nation and will support hundreds
of thousands of jobs each year while generating billions in revenue.
I will continue to work with
the White House, the state of Georgia and Congress to see this project through to its completion.
What&#8217;s on Tap? Next week, the Senate will not be in session in observance
of Thanksgiving. I hope that you have a blessed and happy holiday with friends and family.
Sincerely, Johnny Isakson
Office
Locations
Washington,
D.C.
131 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Tel: (202) 224-3643 Fax:
(202) 228-0724
Georgia
One Overton Park, Suite 970 3625 Cumberland Blvd Atlanta, GA 30339 Tel: (770) 661-0999 Fax:
(770) 661-0768
You
have received this e-mail because you signed up or opted into our mailing list. Click here to
unsubscribe .
