
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
Biography
News
Issues &amp; Legislation
Constituent Services
The District
Contact
Us
November 15, 2013
In This Week's Edition of E-News
...
House Approves Bill To Keep Current Health Plans
Intact
Benefits for Disabled Vets Clears
House
Mental Health Parity Finally Advances
Working To Keep Pgh Airport Driver of Economic
Growth
House Approves Bill To Keep
Current Health Plans
Intact
Following a month and a half of dire news related to
the rollout the healthcare law (premium
hikes ,
website errors,
the cover-up
of Healthcare.Gov
design failures,
enrollment numbers
far below the
500,000 target), the President announced this week that he was taking
action through executive order to address the five million Americans
who have received letters cancelling their insurance coverage for
2014.
But a law
can only be changed though legislative action, so the House of
Representatives took up and passed the
Keep Your Health
Plan Act
by a bipartisan vote of 261 to 157 on Friday. Cosponsored
by Congressman Murphy, H.R. 3350 allows insurance carriers currently
selling coverage in the individual and small group marketplace to
continue offering those plans after January 1, 2014, so those who have
received cancellation notices can maintain the coverage they currently have
as promised by President Obama as his signature healthcare law was
debated in Congress.
During House debate on the law, Rep. Murphy
spoke
about a Westmoreland County man forced to drop his wife
from his health insurance after her premiums doubled. He has invited all
constituents to describe their ACA experiences
good, bad, or
otherwise
at Murphy.House.Gov/ShareYourStory. Murphy spoke to KDKA Radios
Marty Griffin about
Share Your Story
on
Thursday. Listen to the entire interview
here .
Murphy, who
delivered a
speech
on the House floor in support of the
Keep Your Health Plan Act, also noted that the President does not
have the constitutional authority to temporarily waive some requirements
of the law but keep
others.
Click to watch:
Debating Keep Your Health Plan
Act.
In the 45 days since the ACAs open
enrollment period began on October 1 st , Chairman Murphy
has held a number of hearings in the Oversight Committee devoted to
exposing the failures of the healthcare laws
implementation . Murphy also
questioned
Heath and Human
Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius in her first appearance before a
congressional panel since the launch of Healthcare.Gov. During the
hearing, Sebelius publicly
apologized
for the
websites botched
rollout.
Murphy continued his investigation into the laws failed
implementation on Thursday when the Energy and Commerce Health
Subcommittee held its Obamacares Implementation Problems: More than Just a
Broken Website hearing. The hearing examined whether rollout struggles
apart from the website glitches could hamper patient access and
treatment after January 1, 2014. For example,
patients
also likely will face problems with the selection of providers
participating in exchange plans. For example, 62% of hospitals had still
not signed any exchange contracts according to a Morgan Stanley study
released in October.
Chairman
Murphys Oversight Subcommittee will continue
its review of the Affordable Care Act next week with a
hearing
entitled Security of HealthCare.gov to be held
Tuesday, November 19 th
in the Energy &amp; Commerce Committees
main hearing room, 2123 Rayburn House Office Building. On Friday,
Murphy publicly revealed that three months before the failed launch of the
HealthCare.gov website, the governments chief programmer expressed
frustration with one of the contractors responsible for building the
site, fearing that quality assurance could crash the plane at
take-off.
The administration was under no obligation to launch the website
on October 1, yet did so anyway despite the governments own
programmers warning that the site was full of bugs, security holes, and well
behind schedule, said Murphy.When these
latest
revelations
of incompetence are coupled with news that five million
Americans are losing their coverage and millions more are paying higher
premiums, its no wonder the public has lost faith in the
administrations ability to implement this
law.
To share your thoughts on the Keep Your
Health Plan Act, please click
here .
Benefits for Disabled
Vets Clears
House
This week the House of Representatives passed, with
the support of Congressman Murphy, legislation improving the benefits
for the nearly four million veterans with service-connected
disabilities.
The
Veterans Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act provides a 1.5%
increase starting in January 2014 for veterans disability compensation,
dependency, and indemnity compensation for survivors, and to pensions
for combat veterans. The bill, which passed the Senate in late
October, awaits the Presidents
signature.
Murphy with 171st ANG Col. Ted Metzgar
at National Cemetery of Alleghenies on Veterans
Day.
Passage of the
bill comes just after the nation and the region recognized and honored
those who wore the uniform with Veterans Day celebrations on Monday.
Rep. Murphy participated in events throughout the 18 th
congressional district, including Washington, Pa., Monroeville, and Peters
Township (click
here
for more). Murphy also
spoke at a ceremony at the National Cemetery of the Alleghenies about the
invisible wounds of war: post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic
brain injury.
We must always give thanks as part of healing those wounds,
Murphy said, and understand that the contributions they make to this
country
in their resiliency, their maturity, their fitness, their
optimism, their take-action attitude and their faith
are what make this
country great. His comments were featured in the
Washington
Observer-Reporter .
Meeting on Classified Veterans Access to
Care Act
with the Somers
family.
This week, Murphy met with Howard and Jean
Somers, two
tireless advocates
for veterans with
mental health needs. The Somers lost their son, Army veteran Daniel
Somers, to suicide this past June. His tragic and frustrating story of
navigating the VA bureaucracy in order to get appropriate psychological
care has inspired new legislation co-authored by Rep. Murphy entitled
the Classified Veterans Access to Care Act ( H.R.
3387 ). The bill ensures that the VA has a process and system that
identifies veterans like Daniel who have classified experiences, which
cannot be discussed in a group setting, and transitions them to
individualized therapeutic treatment in an expedited fashion. Sadly, military
suicides have become all too common: more than 20 veterans die by
suicide each day, and active duty suicides reached 349 last
year.
H.R. 3387 has
been referred to the House Veterans Affairs
Committee.
In case you missed it,
Congressman Murphy was featured in the recent CNBC documentary on
management failings at the
Veterans Health
Administration , " Death &amp; Dishonor: Crisis at the VA ."
Watch this documentary
special
here .
To share your thoughts on veterans mental health, please
click
here .
Mental Health Parity Finally Advances
After a five-year wait,
the White House
announced
on November
8 th
that insurance plans can no longer set up benefit restrictions
that prevent patients from accessing mental healthcare. The new mental
health parity rules are related to a long-delayed set of mental health
protections issued in 2008 after the Mental Health Parity and
Addiction Equity Act was signed into
law.
The long five-year wait for HHS to move
forward with the 2008 landmark Mental Health Parity law reflects a typical
dismissal of the healthcare needs of those seeking mental health
services. I am frustrated how mental health is continually put on the back
burner, which is why I'm introducing legislation to overhaul federal
programs, treatment, and research so families dealing with serious
mental illness have access to the effective care their loved ones need to
have meaningful and fulfilling lives,
said
Murphy who is working on a legislative overhaul of federal mental health
programs.
As
a key lead cosponsor, Dr. Murphy worked to pass the Mental Health
Parity and Addiction Equity Act through the
Energy and
Commerce Committee
and the House of Representatives to stop
insurers from putting up financial barriers to prevent patients from
accessing mental health care. Other key changes include making mental health
services in-network for individuals with group health insurance
coverage if the plan includes similar medical and surgical benefits. The
Administrations new mandates, meanwhile, are expected to increase
deductibles
and
wait times
for
patients seeking treatment for mental
illness.
To share your thoughts on
parity for mental healthcare, please click
here .
Working To Keep Pgh Airport Driver of Economic
Growth
Despite losing its
status as a hub for US Airways, and with its nearly 11 million passengers
flying to and from hundreds of destinations out of Pittsburgh, the
Pittsburgh International Airport remains one of the top airports in the
country. But to attract and retain employers in the region, providing
additional destinations for businesspersons traveling across the
country and the world is a priority for the
airport.
Last Friday, Rep. Murphy
visited with the Pittsburgh Airport Area Chamber of Commerce to discuss ways
to work together to make the airport a catalyst for jobs once again.
As civic boosters, members of Chamber convene regularly on how to
attract the additional flights necessary for pulling in new businesses to
the region. Murphy updated the group on his efforts to strengthen
military bases in the airport corridor. Last month, Murphy
wrote to the head of the National Guard
of the Air Force
detailing the potential benefits for the military if the 171 st
Air National Guard in Moon Township is selected as the home for a new
KC-46A refueling tanker squadron. The Pentagon is currently conducting
an environmental assessment of the 171st, which is one of just several
guard bases under
consideration.
On Tuesday, the airport area received
unwelcome news when the Department of Justice signed off on an $11 billion
merger between US Airways and American Airlines. While the agreement
preserves current flight service at Pittsburgh for the next five years,
the merger could mean the end to US Airways local operations control
center and heavy maintenance facility, affecting hundreds of
workers.
Murphy said
he will keep working to protect and grow local jobs at the
airport.
"Pittsburghers are used to scrapping and clawing for everything we get, and we
will continue to do that, said Murphy whose reaction was covered by
the
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette . Earlier this
year, Murphy
wrote
to US Airways Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer Doug Parker expressing serious concerns about
the recent merger announcement between US Airways and American
Airlines, and the effect it will have on the region, both in terms of job
loss and decreased frequency of
flights.
To share your thoughts on the
airport, please click
here.
Please Feel Free to
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Washington D.C.
Office
2332 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 2252301
Fax: (202) 2251844
Mt.
Lebanon Office
504 Washington Road
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Phone:
(412) 3445583
Fax: (412) 4295092
Greensburg Office
2040 Frederickson Place
Greensburg, PA
15601
Phone: (724) 8507312
Fax: (724) 8507315
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
