
Click here to view Rep. Miller's comments
WASHINGTON - U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10), Vice Chair of the House Committee on Homeland Security, today participated in a hearing discussing the role of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to secure personal information being entered into Healthcare.gov databases.
DHS is charged with securing all .gov entities; however, witnesses testifying before the committee were unable to provide any answers regarding the security planning of Healthcare.gov and to ensure American citizens' personal information is not compromised.
Miller said:
"The Obamacare website has faced so many challenges since its launch on October 1st.
We have American citizens going onto the Healthcare.gov website to provide their most personal and sensitive information - and yet there is a very real concern regarding the security protections, or lack thereof, within this website.
Americans deserve better.
"One thing became clear during the testimony our committee received today from the Department of Homeland Security witnesses - DHS played little to no role in planning, designing and implementing the security portions of the Healthcare.gov website.
I find it astonishing that DHS, which is the department charged with protecting federal government websites from cybersecurity threats, was not heavily consulted in ensuring the security of this website.
"The vulnerability of the health care website is of great concern, and again we ask, how can this Administration force American citizens to enter their most personal and sensitive information into a database that has yet to be fully tested and without top security standards in place?
The Administration must act today to delay the implementation of this poorly planned and burdensome health care law.
Americans deserve to have the confidence that their personal information is protected."
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
DHS Cannot Provide Answers Regarding the Security of Healthcare.gov
Nov 13, 2013
Click here to view Rep. Miller&#8217;s comments
WASHINGTON &#8211; U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10), Vice Chair of the House Committee on Homeland Security, today
participated in a hearing discussing the role of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to secure personal information being entered into Healthcare.gov databases.
DHS is charged with securing all .gov entities; however, witnesses testifying before the
committee were unable to provide any answers regarding the security planning of Healthcare.gov and to ensure American citizens&#8217; personal information is not compromised.
Miller said:
&#8220;The Obamacare website has faced so many challenges since its launch on October 1st.
We have American citizens going onto
the Healthcare.gov website to provide their most personal and sensitive information &#8211; and yet there is a very real concern regarding the security protections, or lack thereof, within this website.
Americans deserve better.
&#8220;One thing became clear during the testimony our committee received today from the Department of Homeland Security witnesses
- DHS played little to no role in planning, designing and implementing the security portions of the Healthcare.gov website.
I find it astonishing that DHS, which is the department charged with protecting federal government websites from cybersecurity threats,
was not heavily consulted in ensuring the security of this website.
&#8220;The vulnerability of the health care website is of great concern, and again we ask, how can this Administration force
American citizens to enter their most personal and sensitive information into a database that has yet to be fully tested and without top security standards in place?
The Administration must act today to delay the implementation of this poorly planned and
burdensome health care law.
Americans deserve to have the confidence that their personal information is protected.&#8221;
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
