
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
November 23, 2013
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear
Friend,
This week the House passed my bill, H.R.
1965, the Federal Lands Jobs and Energy Security Act of 2013. This
legislation puts our country on a path to energy independence by
streamlining government regulations and reducing government red-tape that
hinder onshore energy production.
It will create new American jobs,
promote economic development, and increase revenues to the state and
federal governments. If we want more jobs, we need affordable energy.
President Obama has waged a war on American energy for five years now.
Under his Administration, a simple permit, which in Colorado takes 27
days to approve, takes nearly a year on federal land. It is
increasingly clear that this administrations energy plan is little more than
empty promises.
Americans are already suffering under Obamas tax increases, a struggling
economy, and a disastrous healthcare plan. The least we can do is allow
Americans to keep more money in their pockets by reducing their
energy costs. My legislation would inject much needed certainty into nearly
every step of the onshore energy production process. It will ensure
permits are approved in a timely fashion, would prohibit the
Administration from changing lease terms or revoking leases after they have been
legally won, wound ensure onshore leasing moves steadily forward, and
will allow the Secretary to plan for this nations future energy
needs.
If you would like
to learn more about my bill click
here . You
can also view my floor statement on my bill
here .
As always, it is an
honor to serve you in Congress.
Sincerely,
What's
Happening?
Wednesday, the House of Representatives approved
H.R. 2728 , the
Protecting States Rights to Promote
American Energy Security Act
with a bipartisan vote of 235-187. This
bipartisan bill, sponsored by Rep. Bill Flores (R-TX) and Rep. Henry
Cuellar (D-TX), would protect American jobs and American energy
production by limiting the Obama Administrations ability to impose
duplicative regulations on hydraulic fracturing on federal lands. The
Department of the Interior this year
announced
proposed
regulations on hydraulic fracturing on federal lands, which will cost
jobs and decrease energy production by adding costly and burdensome
layers of red tape.
H.R. 2728,
the
Protecting States Rights to Promote American Energy Security
Act, would prohibit the Interior Department from enforcing federal hydraulic
fracturing regulations in any state that already has regulations and
recognizes states authority to regulate this type of
activity.
View my floor
statement on H.R. 2728
here.
H.R. 1965 passes 228 to 192
Listening to
You
Last week I learned that some Colorado Springs residents were
concerned about recent changes in the flight path at the Air Force Academy.
These changes were apparently in part driven budget cuts and the
closure of an outlying field. Late last week I sent a
letter
to the Chief of the Air Force asking him to quickly work to
see if there are any possible ways to adjust the flight paths to
minimize the noise and potential safety impacts on area residents. I will
keep close track of this issue and will work with residents, USAFA and
Air Force leadership to see if there are any ways to solve this
problem. Take a look at my letter to the Chief of the Air Force
here.
Suggested
Reading
Obamacare's failures continue to hurt Coloradans, 'Green Energy'
costs are skyrocketing and Putin continues to drag Russia back to the
Soviet era. Take a look:
HealthCare.gov goal is
for 80% of users to be able to enroll for
insurance
It had to happen:
ObamaCare is literally going to the dogs.
Obamacare tradeoffs: Now they tell us
Green
Energy Is the Real Subsidy Hog
Russia and Europe Vie to Win the Prize of
Ukraine
Events
Tuesday, I addressed the
National Hispanic Christian Leadership Council
summit on
Capitol Hill.
America's largest Hispanic Christian organization,
the National Hispanic Leadership Council represents millions of
Evangelical Hispanics and over 40,000 churches across the country. I was
honored to speak to such a wonderful group.
On Wednesday I was proud to
host the new Israeli Ambassador to the United States for a meeting with
a bipartisan group of House members. At the very time that the Obama
Administration was meeting for another round of negotiations with Iran,
I was hosting Ambassador Ron Dermer in the Capitol. The Ambassador
made a compelling case for the danger posed to Israel and the United
States by a nuclear-armed Iran. Our sanctions are working, and we must
continue to apply sanctions until Iran completely gives up their nuclear
program. The Obama Administration seems more interested in giving up
sanctions and talking with our adversaries than in protecting our
national security and the security of our allies.
Top Tweets
In a new section of the LAMBORN LEDGER, I would like to share with
you a few of my tweets from this past week. Some of the information
that I tweet never makes it to the newsletter or mailings and perhaps
you will find it helpful and thought provoking. If you would like to
follow me on twitter please find me at
@RepDLamborn.
What Say
You?
One of the most
important things I can do is listen to my constituents. My staff and I
get thousands of phone calls, emails, letters, and social media
postings every week. Here is a sampling of what you are
saying.
On
my facebook
this week
I posted when the House passed
my bill, H.R. 1965, the Federal Lands Jobs and Energy Security Act of
2013. Here's what you had to say:
Terri Harmon
-
Amen! Our goal to become independent of the Middle East, and not
supporting the Taliban/terrorists, we will be a stronger nation once
again! We have the resources to to obtain this energy
responsibly.
Christine
Fiedler
-
U go Doug Lamborn! This is great
news! Keep winning
em.
Mialei
Iske
- the EPA will have to
be closed - to accomplish much in this
category
From the
Mailbag :
A1C Mark McHugh
-
As a service member of the United
States armed forces, I am in complete support of improving the existing
legal channels to enter this country. I cannot begin to fathom living
in a prosperous nation bent on the fact of denying intelligent,
innovative, hard-working immigrants through their
doors.
Donald Cross
-
Obamacare forces thousands of business owners to violate their
conscience and act against sincerely held religious convictions by mandating
that company medical insurance pay for abortifacients. In that way, it
is a direct attack on our First Ammendment right to freedom of
religion.
From the
Phones:
Yvonne -
It's time for
Republicans to put a stop to the Democrats. What Reid did to the Senate
rules is terrible and could have devisating effects if it isn't
reversed.
From the
Emails :
John Bieg
-
I want you to know I totally approved of your working with other
republicans in the house to try and defund Obamacare. I was proud you
were my congressman when I saw you on the floor of the house with the
picture showing who the president was willing to negotiate with but not
with congress.
Edgar Smith
-
I am very glad to see something is being done to
increase our energy options, when Obama was running for office all he could
do was talk about what he would do to help increase our energy
options and since he has been in office all he has done is stall on these
issues. Obama is a big letdown to me and
America....
Ray Lucier
-
I think it's time for our
gutless Congress, you excluded, to force the President to enforce laws,
not unilaterally change them when it fits his fancy. If he refuses, he
should be impeached, plain and simple.
CONTACT
INFORMATION
WASHINGTON
OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax: (202) 226-2638
DISTRICT
OFFICES 1125 Kelly Johnson Blvd., Suite 330
Colorado Springs, CO
80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719)
520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
