
Official Site
Constituent Services
News
Contact
Week of November 11, 2013
Senator McConnell Highlights the Adverse Effects of Obamacare on Kentucky Consumers
Throughout the week Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor about Obamacare&rsquo;s broken promises and that Obamacare is beyond repair and needs to be repealed. In Kentucky, over a quarter of a million people have lost private health care plans so far, and only about 7,000 Kentuckians have been able to obtain new private insurance under Obamacare.
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell highlighted a story about a 31-year old dentist from Louisville who isn&rsquo;t married and has no kids but now has to carry pediatric dental care on his plan. Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;Despite the fact that the President and the other supporters of this bill vowed up and down that folks like this would be able to keep the health care plans they had and liked&hellip;the fact is, that was never true. And they knew it. They knew folks would lose their coverage.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech on Wednesday.
On Wednesday, the Obama Administration released the enrollment numbers for Obamacare. Senator McConnell responded:
&ldquo;Even with the administration&rsquo;s Enron-like accounting, fewer people have signed up for Obamacare nationwide than the 280,000 who&rsquo;ve already lost their plan in Kentucky as a result of Obamacare mandates. And today&rsquo;s enrollment announcement will be cold comfort for the millions who&rsquo;ve lost the coverage they liked and the millions more facing higher premiums.&rdquo;
On Thursday, Senator McConnell joined Senate Republicans on the Senate floor to discuss the negative consequences of Obamacare. Senate Republicans shared stories to put a human face to those who&rsquo;ve suffered as a result of Democrats&rsquo; decision to force this law on our country.
Senator McConnell shared the story of Owensboro resident and small business owner, James Dotson: &ldquo;James has Type 2 Diabetes; he recently got a letter informing him that his high-risk pool coverage would expire next month. He says a replacement plan on the Obamacare exchange will cause his premiums to spike from $676 to more than $1,000 a month. And here&rsquo;s the question he asked me: &lsquo;Where [are] the savings that the Democrats&hellip;promised 3 years ago?&rsquo;
&ldquo;James&rsquo; story is another reminder why it&rsquo;s time for Democrats to work with us &ndash; to repeal this law and start over with bipartisan reform,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;James is counting on them, and so are millions of others across the country suffering under this law.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view a report from WFIE-TV: &ldquo;KY Small Businessman Afraid Insurance Will Rise With Obamacare&rdquo;
Obamacare: Broken Promises
&lsquo;Obamacare&rsquo;s problems run so deep and the broken promises are so pervasive that it is impossible to identify an &lsquo;easy fix&rsquo;. It truly ought to be repealed or delayed. But if the President is truly sorry for breaking his promise to the American people, there is a natural place to start: He could support legislation that would help restore these plans to folks who want them back.&rsquo;
On Thursday, President Obama held a press conference in regards to the millions who&rsquo;ve lost their health plans as a result of Obamacare. Following the President&rsquo;s belated response Senator McConnell said:
&ldquo;President Obama&rsquo;s announcement doesn&rsquo;t even come close to fixing the problems that so many Americans are facing right now as a result of cancelled health care plans and skyrocketing premiums. But, it does represent the clearest acknowledgment yet that his oft-repeated pledge &lsquo;if you like your plan, you can keep it&rsquo; was false all along. What makes this admission even worse is the fact that it was prompted not by the heartbreaking stories of millions of Americans, but by the private pleadings of a handful of endangered Democrats. Americans are becoming increasingly aware of the fact Obamacare is broken beyond repair. The only &lsquo;fix&rsquo; is full repeal followed by step-by-step, patient-centered reforms that drive down costs and that Americans actually want.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell Honors Our Nation&rsquo;s Veterans
This week, Senator McConnell participated in Veterans Day parades in Owensboro and Louisville honoring those who fought to defend our country. During his visits, Senator McConnell enjoyed meeting with Veterans and speaking with constituents in the community.
Senator McConnell and his wife participate in Veterans Day Parade in Owensboro.
&ldquo;On Veterans Day, we convey our gratitude to the men and women in uniform, past and present, who have bravely served our country,&rdquo; Senator McConnell said. &ldquo;Kentucky has a proud and honorable military history, as home to both Fort Knox and Fort Campbell, with thousands of soldiers and their families. The Commonwealth also looks with great pride upon the scores of brave National Guard members and Reservists who have given so much to defend our nation. Kentuckians have bravely served in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps.&rdquo;
Senator McConnell and his wife participate in Veterans Day Parade in Louisville.
On Veterans Day, Senator McConnell joined elected officials and community leaders at the &lsquo;Homegrown by Heroes&rsquo; event in Louisville. The &lsquo;Homegrown by Heroes&rsquo; program provides Kentucky Proud veteran-farmers and Kentucky veteran-owned small businesses a marketing logo so customers can identify their locally grown and raised agriculture products or services. At the event, Kentucky Agriculture Commissioner James Comer announced that this Kentucky initiative will become a national model.
Senator McConnell speaks in support of the &lsquo;Homegrown by Heroes&rsquo; program and congratulates the program&rsquo;s success.
Kentucky Members Meet with DOE about Paducah Site
On Thursday, Department of Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz stopped by Senator McConnell&rsquo;s office to update Kentucky members on the Paducah Department of Energy Site.
Following their meeting, Senators McConnell and Paul and Congressman Ed Whitfield said, &ldquo;Our Paducah community has long endured the hardships associated with uranium enrichment at the Paducah DOE site.
When it became clear that the Gaseous Diffusion Plant would ultimately be closing, we aggressively sought out partners with Paducah&rsquo;s best interests in mind. That is why we have been placing constant pressure on the Department of Energy to select a plan through DOE&rsquo;s competitive &lsquo;request for offers&rsquo; process that will enable future development in Paducah.
&ldquo;The people of Paducah deserve stability and certainty, which is why we are pleased by Secretary Moniz&rsquo;s comments today confirming that a final decision is coming soon.
We expect DOE to make its decision shortly.&rdquo;
Senators McConnell and Paul meet with DOE Secretary Moniz in the U.S. Capitol.
McConnell Congratulates Archbishop Kurtz
On Tuesday, Senator McConnell spoke on the Senate floor congratulating Archbishop Joseph Kurtz of Louisville on his election as president of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops.
Senator McConnell said, &ldquo;I&rsquo;d like to Congratulate Archbishop Joseph Kurtz, the Catholic Archbishop of Louisville, on his election as president of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. Archbishop Kurtz isn&rsquo;t a native Kentuckian. He&rsquo;s originally from Pennsylvania. But we&rsquo;ve adopted him as our own since he was appointed head of the Louisville Archdiocese in June of 2007. I wish him all the best as he seeks to promote the Church&rsquo;s mission in the United States. Congratulations.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech
McConnell Congratulates Ford on Continued Growth at the Louisville Assembly Plant
On Wednesday, Senator McConnell delivered remarks on the Senate floor regarding Ford manufacturing in Kentucky.
He said: &ldquo;Ford Motor Company has a proud 100-year history of manufacturing in Kentucky. Today, the company announces a new model to be constructed in its Louisville Assembly Plant, further employing yet another generation of Kentuckians. I'd like to congratulate Ford on this development and applaud its continued excellence in manufacturing in the Commonwealth.&rdquo;
Click the image below to view the Senator&rsquo;s floor speech.
Meeting with Kentuckians in the Commonwealth
On Monday, Senator McConnell spoke with the Kentucky County Clerks Association during their fall conference in Louisville. Senator McConnell spoke about electoral issues and the integrity of the vote.
While in Louisville, Senator McConnell met with the Kentucky Association of Manufacturers&rsquo; Chemical Industry Council. During their meeting they discussed the economy and energy issues.
Also on Monday, Senator McConnell visited with employees at Interlock Industries, Inc., a manufacturing and transportation business in Louisville.
In the Media
Many Kentuckians have found out the hard way in recent weeks that the President&rsquo;s repeated Obamacare promise, &ldquo;If you like your health care plan, you can keep it,&rdquo; has been broken. But now we are learning the truth about another of the president&rsquo;s broken promises: his claim that &ldquo;If you like your doctor, you will be able to keep your doctor&rdquo; is proving false as well.
This week, Senator McConnell penned two op-eds about Obamacare&rsquo;s broken promises which appeared in several newspapers across the Commonwealth:
Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s op-ed posted by the
Floyd County Times
in Prestonsburg, Kentucky:
&ldquo;If You Like Your Plan, You Can&rsquo;t Keep It&rdquo;
Click
HERE
to read the Senator&rsquo;s op-ed posted by the
News-Democrat &amp; Leader
in Russellville, Kentucky:
&ldquo;If You Like Your Doctor Or Hospital, You Can&rsquo;t Keep Them&rdquo;
Earlier this month Kentucky State Police released a video encouraging the public to submit tips regarding the murder of Officer Jason Ellis of Bardstown, Kentucky. Click the image below to watch the video and
please share the video link:
http://bit.ly/HDia5u
Image credit: Kentucky State Police
Keeping Up With Senator McConnell
Keep up with the latest news and alerts from our nation's capital as well as updates on things happening back home in Kentucky by becoming a fan of Senator McConnell&rsquo;s
Facebook
page, and get the latest news from Senator McConnell&rsquo;s press office on Twitter at
@McConnellPress . Senator McConnell is also on Instagram - Follow him at
@McConnellPress .
Get this newsletter delivered to your inbox by signing up
HERE
Official Site
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
