DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
November 17, 2013
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Vote for Americans to Keep the Health Plans They Like
This week I voted for H.R. 3350, the Keep Your Health Plan Act which passed with wide bipartisan support.
This legislation holds President Obama to his word by allowing Americans who like their current insurance plans to keep them under Obamacare.
You can see the roll call of the vote
here .
Since October 1st I have heard from numerous constituents who have had their insurance policies cancelled because of Obamacare.
Earlier this week I took to the House floor to share some of these stories I have heard from folks across the 10th District.
Please take a moment to watch the video of my remarks.
The video can be accessed by clicking the image below.
Oversight of Healthcare.gov
The launch of Healthcare.gov has been a complete disaster.
Most Americans that try to login to the website wait hours attempting to get past the first page.
Those that make it, frequently receive incorrect information about subsidies or payment.
Additionally, documents from HHS and contractors have revealed there were serious questions about the reliability and security of the website before it even launched.
On Wednesday, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee held a hearing to find out how this Administration has managed to waste half a billion dollars of taxpayer money on a website that does not work.
By clicking the image below, you can see video of my questions to Chief Technology Officer Todd Park and Henry Chao from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.
Veterans Day Weekend in the 10th District
I spent Veterans Day weekend continuing my visits around the 10th District.
Friday started with a visit to the ArtSpace Charter School in Swannanoa.
ArtSpace was kind enough to host my Buncombe County town hall meeting this past August and I was excited to visit again while school was in session.
Later Friday I visited the HelpMate Domestic Violence Shelter in Asheville.
This was my first visit to HelpMate and it was a moving experience meeting the victims and also the staff who do truly great work.
Next I stopped by the Homeward Bound of Western NC's AHOPE Day Center in Asheville.
Saturday I had the honor of addressing the Western North Carolina Chapter of the Military Officers of America Association.
The Western NC Chapter includes 10th District counties Buncombe, Polk, and Rutherford.
On Monday I was able to attend a number of Veterans Day events across the 10th District.
I started my day by attending the Lincolnton Veterans Day Parade and had the privilege of addressing the crowd afterwards.
Following the parade I greeted veterans and other constituents during the post-parade hot dog lunch at the Lincolnton American Legion.
I also had a chance to meet with veterans at the Catawba County Veterans Service Office's annual Veterans Day Open House.
Later in the day I met with two Gaston County veterans, Joe Harris and Gordon Lewis.
Although both men are long since retired from the service, they continue to serve the veterans of Gaston County as members of the Gaston County Honor Guard.
This year alone the two men have attended over 90 funerals for local veterans.
My final stop of the day was at Stuart Cramer High School in Belmont where CaroMont and Gaston Hospice hosted a special viewing of
Honor Flight: One Final Mission .
I was able to greet local veterans in attendance and enjoy the movie which you can learn more about
here .
What I Have Been Reading
NC enrolls just 1,662 through Obamacare
Charlotte Business Journal
This week's release of the Obamacare enrollment numbers provided an eye-opening look at how poorly the healthcare website is working.
The numbers in North Carolina were especially amazing.
With tens of thousands of North Carolinians having their policies cancelled, it is shocking that only 1,662 managed to sign up.
Asheville GE Aviation plant aims to change air travel
Asheville Citizen Times
On Thursday of this week, GE Aviation broke ground on a new facility in Asheville.
This facility will be the only in the world that produces jet parts made out of
Ceramic Matrix Composite, a light weight alternative to conventional materials used in jet parts.
This facility will be a tremendous boon for the local economy in Asheville and I look forward to visiting it soon.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC
28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC
28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here