
Sunday, November 10, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Heroes Among Us
Dear Friends,
Throughout Americas history, ordinary men and women have donned Americas uniform and offered themselves as a line of defense against tyranny, evil and oppression in this world.
Veterans Day belongs to these men and women.
Through their honor, courage and commitment to our freedoms and our republic they have earned us the renown as the last best hope of earth.
Whether in peacetime or in crisis, liberty requires constant defense. And regardless of the potential cost, be it lost time with family or even the last full measure of ones devotion, Americans continue to answer freedoms call. They enlist; they commission; they volunteer to be our protectors. We must never forget the weight or consequence of those decisions. We must never forget the good they have accomplished through their sacrifice.
Appreciation is also due to the families who support our troops, past and present. There are brave spouses in every community who serve as anchors for their households while their loved ones are away, often for months at a time. There are grandparents who help share the responsibilities of raising children so military moms and dads can fulfill their duties with peace of mind. So, too, are there spouses, children, and neighbors who tend to the needs of our aging veterans, to ensure our nation fulfills its promises to them.
For them, every day is Veterans Day.
On this November 11th, our thoughts and prayers will also remain with the men and women deployed throughout the world in service to our Constitution and in pursuit of greater peace. We think of them and celebrate that our country is one set apart from the rest by the heart of our warriors and the resolve of our people for victory.
Americas airmen, soldiers, coastguardsmen, sailors, and marines are heroes among us. In their honor, and in gratitude for their selfless intrepidity on this Veterans Day and throughout our history, our nation offers its humble thanks.
Sincerely,
Congresswoman Virginia Foxx
* * * * * * * *
Service Academy Nomination Deadline Extended to November 22!
North Carolinas 5th Congressional District has a proud tradition of military service. Every year, some of our finest young men and women choose to contribute to this legacy by applying to attend our countrys prestigious uniformed service academies. To be considered for an academy appointment, applicants must meet the eligibility requirements established by law and receive a nomination from a member of the United States Senate or House of Representatives. This year the deadline to submit applications to seek a Congressional nomination from Congresswoman Foxx has been extended to November 22nd. To apply for a nomination or receive additional information,
please click here .
* * * * * * * *
Survey: How is Obamacare Affecting You?
Since Obamacare's individual insurance exchanges launched on October 1st, many North Carolinians have found that their health care premiums are going to skyrocket next year, or that their plans are no longer going to be offered. Others have written to share how their hours at work have been cut or how positions in their workplace are being eliminated to help cope with increased health care costs and avoid insurance mandates.
Congresswoman Foxx wants to hear how the President's health care law is affecting you - whether your experience is similar to those described above or different. Please take a few moments to share your experience by
completing this survey .
* * * * * * * *
Boone's Sherrie Norris Recognized in Politico's "Women Rule" Series!
Fifth District resident Sherrie Norris was featured in a recent Politico newspaper editorial by Congresswoman Foxx for her countless contributions to North Carolina service and volunteerism. Read an excerpt below:
"Sherrie Norris of Boone, N.C., is many things
a mother, a daughter, a wife, a community activist, a writer, a trailblazer and a fantastic cook, to name a few. But perhaps no title captures her so perfectly as that of storyteller...Sherrie has served as the editor of All About Women magazine in my state and has dedicated its pages to giving much-deserved attention to women who would never seek the spotlight on their own or who mistake their duties as breadwinners, caretakers, artists and moms as mundane or somehow un-newsworthy. In Sherries mind, theirs are stories that need to be told."
Click here t o read Congresswoman Foxx's complete editorial, "Sherrie Norris: Bringing empathy to telling women's stories."
* * * * * * * *
Snapshots from the 5th
Presenters from United States Service Academies and members of the 5th District Service Academy Nomination Board join Congresswoman Foxx for the 2013 Service Academy information day for students in Clemmons.
Congresswoman Foxx with members of Statesville's Professional Firefighters Local 3137. The firefighters were raising awareness for the Muscular Dystrophy Association.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE REGULAR UPDATES
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here