
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view
the message online .
November 18, 2013
A Conservative Anti-poverty Agenda
On
Wednesday, I outlined a conservative anti-poverty agenda to address the
growing opportunity crisis in America.
In a speech I delivered at
The Heritage Foundation's Anti-poverty Forum, I identified the causes of
social immobility among the working and middle class and charted
several reforms that clear a path to help individuals and families stuck
in poverty.
I also previewed several pieces of legislation, some
with bipartisan support, that could be part of a conservative
anti-poverty agenda.
Examples include changing the current incentive
structure to todays welfare programs, increasing flexibility for states
in Medicaid and Head Start, expanding access to higher education
through accreditation reform, as well as improving our criminal justice and
prison systems. Once I finish these pieces of legislation, I plan to
make them available to you.
I hope you will take the time to
learn more about them and provide your feedback.
I have
included a few excerpts from the speech and link to the full text
below:
I believe the American people are poised to launch a new,
bold, and heroic offensive in the war on poverty if a renewed
conservative movement has the courage to lead it.
The United States
did not formally launch our War on Poverty in 1964, but in 1776: when
we declared our independence, and the self-evident and equal rights of
all men to life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness.
For more than two hundred years, the United States
through trial and
error, through good times and bad
has waged the most successful war
on poverty in the history of the world.
Upward mobility
has never been easy. It has always and everywhere required
backbreaking work, personal discipline, and at least a little luck. But if upward
mobility was not universal in America, it was the norm. From our very
Founding, we not only fought a war on poverty
we were winning. The
tools Americans relied on to overcome poverty were what became the
twin pillars of American exceptionalism: our free enterprise economy and
voluntary civil society.
You can read the rest of my
"Bring Them In" speech here:
http://www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/11/bring-them-in
This
anti-poverty agenda is part of a larger conservative reform agenda
that I have been developing.
You can learn more about some of my
other proposals and provide your feedback here:
http://www.lee.senate.gov/ConservativeReformAgenda
Share on
Facebook Share on Twitter
Washington, D.C. Office
316 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C., 20510
Phone: 202.224.5444
Fax:
202.228.1168
Salt Lake City
Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building
125
South State, Suite 4225
Salt Lake City, UT 84138
Phone: 801.524.5933
Fax: 801.524.5730
St. George
Office of Senator Michael S.
Lee
285 West Tabernacle, Suite
200
St. George, UT
84770
Phone: 435.628.5514
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
