
Hatch Dispatch: Washington
Update
Dear Friend:
ObamaCare and its failed promises, the
significant problems with the website, and the
millions of Americans whove lost their
health coverage have once again overwhelmed the
national dialogue this week. It is disappointing
to say the least that this Administration does
not get on board and work with Congress to
replace this law that has become the source of so
many problems for too many Americans.
In fact, when President Obama announced a few
days ago that states could allow people to keep
their insurance, I couldnt help but wonder
how the President plans on fixing a broken
promise by making more empty promises that will
be broken tomorrow. The difference this time is
that hes hoping to shift the blame to
states and insurance companies. Thats not
the answer the American people deserve.
Doubling-down on the same policy thats
responsible for more than four million Americans
losing their health plans is irresponsible and
does nothing to solve the problem. Americans
should be able to keep the insurance
and
the doctors and hospitals
of their
choosing, as the President promised.
Then to make matters worse, the Obama
Administration is once again trying to find a way
to exempt unions from ObamaCare. The Obama
Administration cant just circumvent
Congress whenever it wants to curry favor with it
political allies. Because of this, I joined with
Senators John Thune (R-S.D.), Lamar Alexander (R.
Tenn.) and eight other Republican colleagues to
introduce the Union Tax Fairness Act (S. 1724), a
bill to prevent union health care plans, known as
Taft-Hartley plans, from being exempted from the
ObamaCare reinsurance tax.
To read more about this bill, you can visit
here:
In other news this week, I joined with Senator
Mike Lee to support and co-sponsor an amendment
by Senator Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) to the Defense
Authorization bill to fully refund Utah and other
states that reopened national parks during the
recent government shutdown.
This amendment just makes sense and should
become the law of the land. I applauded state
leaders last month for taking the strong step to
front the operating costs for the national parks
while the government was shut down, and the state
and Utah taxpayers deserve to be reimbursed.
A copy of the Flake Amendment can be viewed
here .
Senator Lee and I also joined together to
denounce the Bureau of Land Managements
decision to defer nearly 100,000 acres from the
proposed oil and gas lease auction. This action
will reduce the land available at auction by
nearly 70 percent came just days before the sale
was scheduled and ironically comes on the heels
of news last month that the United States
produced more oil than it imported. The fact that
our nation is a global leader in energy
production seems lost on the President and his
Administration whos doing everything to
stop that from happening. This hurts American
jobs and American energy independence and must
stop.
I will continue to fight for Utah and its
interests on these and many other important
issues facing our nation at this time. I hope you
find this information helpful.
Sincerely,
Orrin Hatch
Home
|
Contact
Us
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Senator Orrin Hatch, Press Office
104 Hart Office Building,
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: 202-224-5251
Fax: 202-224-6331