DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
You can
view this email in your browser
Capitol Update November 8, 2013
Looking for answers, working on solutions to health care law problems
More than a month after the launch of the President's health care law, it's clear that the true problems plaguing the rollout go far beyond failing technology.
Much bigger than flawed coding and a website that constantly crashes is the issue of the Administration's lack of transparency and diminished credibility.
The Administration has refused to let the public know how many people have enrolled in the federal insurance exchanges so far, prompting the Ways &amp; Means Committee to
subpoena this information .
We know now that the President's claim, which
he made repeatedly for three years , that if you like your health insurance plan, you can keep it, was not true. And as
The Washington Post
recently pointed out:
"The administrations effort to pin the blame on insurance companies is a classic case of misdirection."
During a recent Ways &amp; Means Committee hearing, I asked Center for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services Administrator Marilyn Tavenner about decisions made by the White House regarding the rollout of the President's health care law. Specifically, I asked who decided that information on how many people have enrolled in insurance exchanges would not be released until mid-November. Watch my exchange with
Tavenner here .
You also can read more coverage of the Ways &amp; Means hearing
here
and
here.
Next week, the House is expected to vote on
H.R. 3350, the proposed Keep Your Health Plan Act . This bill would allow anyone enrolled in a health care plan as of Jan. 1, 2013 to keep that plan through 2014.
Too many hard-working American families are receiving notices that they will be losing the health insurance plans they want to keep.
Just this week our office heard from Paul, a constituent in West Bradford Township, Chester County, who said: "We are panicking....we don't have insurance for the first time in 25 years."
If you'd like to share your story about how the health care law is affecting you and your family, please visit
www.gop.gov/yourstory/ . More than 1,500 Americans have visited the site to provide personal accounts of what they have encountered so far.
I will continue working with my colleagues in the House on real solutions so that families can keep their insurance coverage if they like their coverage. I would hope the Administration would join us in that effort as well as provide the information and answers the American people deserve about how the law is affecting workers, businesses and others.
Around the 6th District
This week, I had a chance to visit with workers at several locally-owned and extremely successful small businesses.
I'm always impressed with the tremendous work ethic, incredible ingenuity and craftsmanship and inspiring commitment to strengthening our communities displayed by those who work and build their businesses here in the 6th District. Thanks to all those who took time out of their busy schedules to show me around and help me better understand the issues that affect job growth, competitiveness and your ability to continue to be successful.
Titanium Finishing -- East Greenville
This family-owned business uses its metal-
coating know-how to strengthen and anodize
products ranging from parts used on military
aircraft and weaponry to custom-made
chopsticks. Melanie Cunningham, and
her husband, Tim, have 14 dedicated
employees -- many of whom have been
with the business for more than three decades.
Omni Cable - West Goshen Township
This Chester County-based business
distributes specialty electric wire and cable
throughout the country. About 75 workers
at this location fill custom orders for clients
in the energy, public utility and heavy industrial
sector by cutting specified lengths from large
spools of wire and cable. And the business
is 36% percent employee-owned, which
senior executives say has helped fuel growth
and improved performance during
the past decade.
Grand Theater -- East Greenville
Owner Ed Buchinski saved this single-screen theater on Main Street, which was suffering from severe neglect, from a wrecking ball in 2004. With a lot of hard work and even more community pride, Buchinski and his business partner have built a thriving small business that contributes to the vibrancy of the Upper Perk region of Montgomery County. And you can still catch a first-run feature for $5 or less on most days at the Grand Theater.
Connect Online
Get These Updates
Forward to a Friend
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Email Me
Serving our neighbors
A Diwali Food Drive organized by residents of Byers Station in Chester Springs, Chester County collected nearly 12,000 pounds of goods to help feed those served by the Chester County Food Bank. Diwali -- or festival of lights -- was celebrated on Sunday by our Hindu, Jain, and Sikh friends in the community.
Thanks to all who donated food and the food drive organizers who demonstrated the true spirit of the victory of light over darkness and knowledge over ignorance.
I know that food banks throughout my District and our country are being asked to serve more families with fewer resources due to continued job losses and other economic factors.
To help local food banks meet this increased demand, I have been working with my colleagues on the House Ways &amp; Means Committee to pass common sense legislation supported by both Democrats and Republicans that would expand and make permanent incentives for donating surplus food to charitable organizations.
Currently, businesses donating food inventory to charity are eligible to take a heightened charitable tax deduction for the donated food (limited to 10% of the businesss income). However, that incentive for donating food will expire in 2014 without Congressional action.
That's why I have introduced
H.R. 2945
along with U.S. Rep. Sander Levin of Michigan.
This bill would increase the cap of allowable charitable contributions from 10% of income to 15%. Currently, many businesses are capped at the amount they donate due to the limit on their charitable deduction.
Increasing the cap will encourage more donations from those taxpayers at a time when the need is particularly acute.
Helping local food banks and other non-profit organizations provide safe, nutritious food to families who might otherwise go hungry makes so much more sense than just dumping the food into landfills to rot.
Staff and volunteers at community food banks, church food pantries, homeless shelters and other non-profit organizations are working harder than ever to feed those in need so making permanent this incentive for businesses to donate surplus food is more critical than ever.
Feeding Americas CEO Robert Aiken reported to the Ways and Means Committee earlier this year that since the 2006 expansion of the enhanced tax deduction there has been a 137% increase in donations from non-C corporation restaurants.
However, allowing the deduction to be temporary makes it very difficult for small businesses to incorporate food donations into a long-term business plan and reduces the amount of businesses willing to donate food.
Anyone who'd like to donate food or volunteer at a local food bank can contact the following organizations in the 6th District:
Chester County Food Bank
at 610-873-6000.
Greater Berks Food Bank
at 610-926-5802.
Lebanon Christian Ministries
coordinates Food Bank activities in Lebanon County. They can be reached at 717-274-2490.
The Central Pennsylvania Food Bank
also serves Lebanon County. They can be reached at 717.564.1700.
A list of Montgomery County Food Cupboards is available at
http://www.cadcom.org/Montgomery-County-Cupboard-List/58/ .
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2442 Rayburn H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
202.225.4315 tel
202.225.8440 fax
CHESTER OFFICE
111 East Uwchlan Avenue
Exton, PA 19341
610.594.1415 tel
610.594.1419 fax
BERKS OFFICE
840 N. Park Road
Wyomissing, Pa. 19610
610.376.7630 tel
610.376.7633 fax
MONTGOMERY OFFICE
580 Main St. Suite #4
Trappe, PA l9426
610.409.2780 tel
610.409.7988 fax
LEBANON OFFICE
Lebanon Municipal Building, Room 110
400 South Eighth St.
Lebanon PA 17042
717.454.0462 tel
Hours: Monday and Wednesday from 9 AM - 4:30 PM
Click Here Click Here