
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Dear Friends,
In the fall of 1954, President Dwight D. Eisenhower issued the first
Veterans Day Proclamation , calling for the nation to remember the anniversary of World War I and honor each of the brave men and women who fought for our freedom. Today, we continue to recognize Veterans Day as a time to offer our gratitude to those who have served.
Providing those who have served with the educational benefits they need when they return home is one of the most important services our nation can offer. I am pleased to see the success of the Post-9/11 GI Bill, which as of Friday has provided benefits to 1 million total veterans, service members and their families since 2009. If you&rsquo;d like to learn more about these benefits,
please click here .
This past Thursday, I met with my veterans advisory committee, which is composed of 1st District veteran service organization members, where we discussed veterans issues of particular concern to the 1st District. As always, my office is available to help navigate the Department of Veterans&rsquo; Affairs and other federal agencies to ensure our veterans get the services they deserve. My staff and I are also standing by to help veterans or their families receive the medals they have earned.
Click here
to view frequently asked questions on veterans benefits, or call my office at 860-278-8888 with any other questions.
There are also a variety of ways to support veterans on Veterans Day or at any time of the year. These include:
Volunteer to help a veteran. Put your unique talents to work by volunteering through the Veterans Administration (VA). The
VA Voluntary Service Office
can provide you with information on how to help local veterans in our area.
Give to soldiers currently serving. Organize friends and family to
send care packages and letters
to Americans serving here and abroad.
Display the American flag. Show your national pride and display our nation&rsquo;s flag in front of your home. To find proper ways to display the flag,
click here . For information on ordering an American flag that has flown over the United States Capitol, please
click here .
Help a vet find a job. First Lady Michelle Obama's initiative,
Joining Forces , connects our servicemen and women, veterans, and military spouses with the resources they need to find jobs at home.
In Washington I will continue my efforts to ensure all those who have returned home receive the benefits and services they deserve. I hope each of you will join me today in thanking those who have served, and those who continue to serve in our military for their sacrifice.
Sincerely,
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington Office
1501 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2265
Hartford District Office
221 Main Street, 2nd Floor
Hartford, CT 06106
Phone: 860-278-8888
This mailing was prepared, published, and mailed at taxpayer expense.
