
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve Stockman
Representing the 36th District
November 16, 2013
The Hill Report
Congressman Steve
Stockman's
Weekly Newsletter; November
9-15
Defeating
Amnesty:
Congressman Stockman has been one of the top leaders in
the fight against amnesty, including successfully getting the Senate
amnesty bill declared unconstitutional with his "blue slip"
procedure.
In September, the Congressman began to fight back at the
increasing possib ility of a "conference
committee" scheme to get the House to agree to a full amnesty bill.
Senator Reid revealed the plan: "If we go to conference, we would win."
Senator Schumer agreed, saying "the end game is to get a conference with
the Senate (amnesty) bill by having the House pass a group of bills."
To head off at the pass
this scheme, Congressman Stockman delivered a letter co-signed by other
members of Congress asking the Speaker to reject calls for a
conference committee amnesty bill. This week, Speaker John Boehner made that
commitment: "Ill make clear we have no intention of ever going to
conference on the Senate bill.
Amnesty is now dead for this year. The battle is not over and the
same forces will be pushing for amnesty next year. You can count on
Congressman Stockman to
continue the fight next year, and for
as long as amnesty continues to be pushed. The Congressman is
similarly fighting for greatly increased border security, including
completing the border fence.
EPA Hearing: Stop Delaying Plants and Jobs in the 36th
District:
Congressman Stockman
questioned the Administrator of the EPA, Gina McCarthy, this week at a
hearing on transparency and accountability. He asked why a $7 billion
plant representing thousands of jobs is being delayed by EPA refusal
to approve permits.
An EPA permit to export coal in the 36th
District is also being delayed.
In total, the Congressman told the EPA Administrator that $52 billion
in new plants and thousands of resulting jobs in the 36th District are
being held up by the EPA. The Adminstrator said she would follow up,
and the Congressman will report to you the progress.
Stockman also questioned EPA's forced closure
of America's last remaining lead smelting plant, located in Missouri,
which will drive up costs and create shortages for ammunition and car
batteries.
The Congressman
noted with humor the EPA Administrator's statement she is "lucky enough"
not to be on Obamacare, because she has "access to good
healthcare."
Watch the video of the
Congressman's questioning
More information on
the hearing.
Vetetans' Day
Tribute:
In Congressman Stockmans Washington, D.C. office, Printus
LeBlanc works as Congressman Stockmans Military Legislative
Assistant. He served over five years in the U.S. Marine Corps and four years
with State Department protection details. He served as a Marine embassy
guard in Europe and South America before transitioning to work with
the State Department in Iraq and Afghanistan executing hundreds of
protection operations each year for U.S. diplomats in both
nations.
He saw first hand the importance of civilian and military
leadership working together in hostile environments. Congress and the State
Department recognize the value of the leadership veterans provide, and
have thousands of veterans utilizing their skills on the Hill and around
the world.
Congressman Stockman and his staff would like to
thank Mr. LeBlanc for his service to our nation, first as a Marine and
now as a member of Stockmans staff, serving the people of Texas
36 th
District.
'Stars and Stripes Forever:' young
students at the Cloverleaf Elementary School in Galena Park, TX attend a
Veterans Day Assembly at the school.
Stockman staff celebrates
the greatest boss of all time
This week was busy with back in
session week in Congress. However when it is Steves birthday, the staff
could not resist celebrating in a big way!
Steves Washington
DC staff made signs saying: "Happy Birthday Congressman Steve Stockman,
we love you! and placed them on the office entrance door for
everyone to see.
They also made a real life size cardboard cut-out of the
Congressman and a mailbox for birthday greetings. The Stockman figure was
placed in the hallway for all to see and later in the
office.
Steve was presented with a big birthday card with personal messages
from every staffer and intern saying how much they appreciate him, and
how he has changed and impacted their life in great ways. The staff
celebrated with home baked goods and a cake with 57 candles that the
Congressman had to blow out.
Special
Olympics Visits Stockman DC Office:
On the morning of November 14, a
large group of students visited Congressman Stockmans office in
Washington DC from the Little Cypress-Mauriceville High School in Orange,
Texas.
The students are an elite group of athletes competing in
the Special Olympics. Each participant got to sit in the Congressmans
chair and have their picture taken with the
Congressman.
In the Media
This Thursday
Congressman Stockman was a guest on the
Steve Deace
Show , where he has been a guest several times before.
Stockman
discussed ObamaCare and shared the need to repeal it, and discussed the
incredibly low enrollment numbers.
Stockman also called in as a
guest on
KTRH host Matt Patrick's
show, talking to
KTRH listeners about plastic "3-D printed" guns.
Congressman Stockman was
interviewed in his office by Michelle Fields from
Next Generation
TV . He talked about ObamaCare and his frustration with President
Obamas eagerness to force Americans into a system he doesnt even
believe in himself.
Watch the interview .
On
Friday, Stockman was a guest once again on
KTRH Radio with
Matt Patrick . He called in to the
Walton &amp; Johnson
Show
at 9am, and was a guest on
Chris X Radio
that airs weeknights from 8-10pm on AM 1070, in
Houston.
This week, investigative reporter
James O'Keefe with Veritas
Visuals
released a
second undercover video
showing how leftwing groups receiving taxpayer funding as "Obamacare
Navigators," are encouraging applicants to commit fraud by concealing
income to get taxpayer subsidies. Congressman Stockman trained Mr.
O'Keefe when he was Director of the Leadership Institute's
Campus Leadership Program , and the Congressman
applauds his excellent reporting on
Obamacare.
Stockman Wins Gun Rights Legislator of the Year and
Freedom Index
Awards
Congressman
Stockman was proud to be awarded the
Citizens Committee for the
Right to Keep and Bear Arms' "Gun Rights Legislator of the
Year"
award.
Congressman Stockman also received the
Freedom Index Award
from CEO Arthur Thompson and National
Director James Fitzgerald of the publication
The New
American .
Congressman Stockman was recognized based on his perfect
100% score in their most recent Freedom Index. The index is based on
U.S. Constitution, and is is published twice each year.
Congressman Stockman is
among a total of only twelve in the U.S. House of Representatives and
U.S. Senate who have earned this perfect score during the
113 th
Congress.
Social
Media:
If you arent already following Congressman Stockman on
the web and social media, get connected for the latest news and
commentaries!
www.Stockman.House.gov
www.Facebook.com/CongressmanStockman
www.Twitter.com/SteveWorks4You
www.Youtube.com/SteveStockmanTX
District Offices
8060 Spencer Highway, Building 1, Suite 108 Pasadena, TX 77505 -
(281) 478 2799
907 E.
Houston St. Cleveland, TX 77327 - (409) 883 8028
420 Green Avenue Orange, TX 77630 - (409)
883 8075
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway
mail end 