 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Open Office Hours
Wednesday, Nov. 13
11 a.m.-Noon
Galena City Hall
Galena
1:30-2:30 p.m.
Salina Area Chamber of Commerce
Salina
Monday, Nov. 18
10-11 a.m.
Wilson County Courthouse
Fredonia
1:30-2:30 p.m.
Elk County Farm Bureau
Howard
Wednesday, Nov. 20
9:45-10:30 a.m.
Oswego City Hall
Oswego
Thursday, Nov. 21
10:30-11:30 a.m.
Chautauqua County Farm Bureau
Sedan
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ___
Kansas Common Sense
November 12, 2013
Dear Friend,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thank you for your continued interest
in receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
Helping Veterans Achieve the American Dream
Americans come together each year on November 11 to celebrate and honor
our nation's veterans. These brave men and women sacrificed to provide
their children and grandchildren with the opportunity to achieve the
American Dream, so it's imperative we make certain they themselves have
the opportunity to live the American Dream.
In Kansas and across the country, veterans face a myriad of challenges
when they return home from service - from braving mental health
conditions such as Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, to the basics needed
to enter the workforce like creating or updating a resume. With 34,000
servicemen and women expected to return home by February 2014,
practical programs and services must be in place to help them
transition from one chapter of their lives to the next.
This year, it was a pleasure to honor veterans in Marysville and
Manhattan. On Saturday, it was a privilege to present the Kansas
Vietnam War Medallion to more than 30 veterans who served between
February 1961 and May 1975. Yesterday, I celebrated Veterans' Day in
Manhattan with a parade and ceremony organized by the Flint Hills
Veterans Coalition.
On Veterans' Day, we express our gratitude for the service of those who
have protected our way of life and allowed us to remain the strongest
and freest nation in the world. Let's make certain whether veterans
wish to start their own business, commence a job search, or go back to
school, they are able to achieve the same American Dream they
sacrificed so much to protect.
God bless our veterans: we respect you, we thank you and we love you.
Honoring Fallen Kansas Army National Guard Soldiers
On Thursday, the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) honored two fallen
Kansas Army National Guard soldiers who gave the ultimate sacrifice
while supporting DIA officials during Operation Iraqi Freedom on
November 8, 2004. The DIA ceremoniously paid tribute to Army Sergeant
Don A. Clary of Troy and Sergeant First Class Clinton "Clint" L. Wisdom
of Atchison as they were inducted into the Patriots Memorial resident
at the Headquarters of DIA on Bolling Air Force Base in Washington,
D.C. Sergeant Clary and Sergeant First Class Wisdom's family, friends
and fellow Kansas National Guard soldiers were in attendance to
memorialize how they nobly served our country.
As we pay tribute to Sergeant Clary and Sergeant First Class Wisdom,
we're reminded that freedom is not free. Americans will be forever
indebted to these Kansas Army National Guard soldiers, Don and Clint,
who laid down their lives for a grateful nation. I ask all Kansans to
join me in expressing our heartfelt gratitude, and remembering their
families and friends in our thoughts and prayers.
If You Like Your Health Plan, You Should Be Able To Keep It
I recently joined Senator Ron Johnson of Wisconsin to introduce
legislation - the "If You Like Your Health Plan, You Can Keep It Act"
(S. 1617) - that would make Obamacare less restrictive and provide
flexibility for individuals wanting to keep the plans they already
have. At least 29 times, President Obama promised Americans that if you
like the insurance you have, you could keep it under Obamacare. Despite
the repeated promises, thousands of individuals and families across
Kansas are among the millions of Americans who have had their health
plans cancelled because they do not meet the law's requirements.
Americans should be in control of their own health care and should be
free to choose the plans they want. I believe the entire law should be
repealed and replaced, but until that happens American individuals and
families must be protected from the disasters created by Obamacare.
Click here
to read more about the "If You Like Your Health Plan,
You Can Keep It Act" and my efforts to dismantle the health care law
and replace it with practical reforms that are workable and will
actually reduce health care costs.
Pittsburg Q&A; Forum on Closure of Social Security Administration Office
On September 5, I was notified that the Social Security Administration
(SSA) would close its Pittsburg field office and consolidate operations
with its Joplin, Missouri, field office beginning November 18. I am
very concerned by SSA's announcement and its process for arriving at
this decision. Especially troubling is the fact that the Pittsburg
community was not given an opportunity to provide input, propose
feasible alternatives, and serve as a partner in this process.
Because the community was not given an opportunity to voice their
concerns prior to the agency announcing its decision, and in addition
to a letter expressing concerns signed by Senator Roberts and
Congresswoman Jenkins, I asked SSA to hold a forum for community
members to ask the agency questions about its decision. This question
and answer forum with SSA Kansas City Region officials took place on
Tuesday at the Pittsburg Law Enforcement Center had about 40 attendees.
I will continue working to ensure that the voices of Kansans impacted
by this decision are heard by the agency. Thank you to the City of
Pittsburg for hosting the forum.
Encouraging the FCC to Support Rural Telecommunication Services
Last week, I joined 25 senators in encouraging new FCC Chairman Tom
Wheeler to improve the predictability of universal service support,
which would allow telecom carriers to more confidently invest in
telecommunications infrastructure and expand broadband across rural
Kansas. My colleagues and I called on the FCC to make changes to its
2011 Universal Service Fund (USF) reform to increase accessibility for
consumers in rural areas. USF supports new investments by telecom
carriers in hard-to-reach areas, but the recent reforms left the amount
of support that telecom companies receive too unpredictable,
discouraging some carriers from making needed investments in rural
parts of the country. I remain concerned the reform order is limiting
the ability of small carriers to provide rural consumers with the
broadband service they need to compete in today's global economy. Click
here
to read our letter to Chairman Wheeler.
Supporting the Johnson County Community College Foundation
Saturday evening Robba and I attended the 27th annual Johnson County
Community College (JCCC) Foundation Some Enchanted Evening. The event
raises money for scholarships allowing thousands of students the
opportunity to fulfill their dream of attending college.
Congratulations to Lynn Mitchelson who was awarded Johnson Countian of
the Year for his leadership in the community and at JCCC where he
served as a Trustee. JCCC's newest addition is their Hospitality and
Culinary Academy, which was dedicated in October and will serve the
700+ students in JCCC hospitality management programs. Thank you to the
new JCCC President Dr. Joe Sopcich and his wife Stacy for hosting Robba
and me.
In the Office
Last week we had several visitors in the Washington, D.C., office,
including the Kansans listed below:
International Walking Horse Association
Ruther Peters of Ellinwood
Gale Christy of Ellinwood
American Geosciences Institute
Sophia Ford
Kansas Bankers Association
John Lehman of Girard
Kelly Mason of Pratt
Alex Williams of Halstead
Mike Stevens of Sublette
Great Plains Development Authority
Daniel Mann of Parsons
Ann Charles of Parsons
American Psychiatric Association
Donald Brada of Lawrence
Kay Brada of Lawrence
Capitol Tour
Traci Silva of Leawood
Steve Silva of Leawood
Colin Silva of Leawood
Cam Silva of Leawood
Kenneth Mantel of Prairie Village
Kathaleen Henry
of Overland Park
James Mantel of Shawnee
Patricia Mantel of Shawnee
Mel Holopirek of Great Bend
Shirley Holopirek of Great Bend
Steele Ebers
of Wichita
Shaye Ebers of Wichita
Terry Post of Leawood
Karen Post of Leawood
Mike Rasmussen of Leawood
Laurie Rasmussen of Leawood
Ron Keller
of Hays
Sam DeVore of Lyons
Jessica Stephan-LeBar of Shawnee
Fernanda daSilva of Shawnee
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one
of my Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING
UP Open
Office Hours
Wednesday, Nov. 13
11 a.m.-Noon
Galena City Hall Galena
1:30-2:30 p.m.
Salina Area Chamber of Commerce Salina
Monday, Nov. 18
10-11 a.m.
Wilson County Courthouse Fredonia
1:30-2:30 p.m.
Elk County Farm Bureau Howard
Wednesday, Nov. 20
9:45-10:30 a.m.
Oswego City Hall Oswego
Thursday, Nov. 21
10:30-11:30 a.m.
Chautauqua County Farm Bureau Sedan
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____
_ ___
Kansas
Common Sense November
12, 2013
Dear
Friend,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thank you for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Helping
Veterans Achieve the American Dream
Americans come together each year on November 11 to celebrate
and honor our nation&#8217;s veterans. These brave men and women sacrificed to provide their children
and grandchildren with the opportunity to achieve the American Dream, so it&#8217;s imperative we make
certain they themselves have the opportunity to live the American Dream.
In
Kansas and across the country, veterans face a myriad of challenges when they return home from service
&#8212; from braving mental health conditions such as Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, to the basics needed
to enter the workforce like creating or updating a resume. With 34,000 servicemen and women expected
to return home by February 2014, practical programs and services must be in place to help them transition
from one chapter of their lives to the next.
This
year, it was a pleasure to honor veterans in Marysville and Manhattan. On Saturday, it was a privilege
to present the Kansas Vietnam War Medallion to more than 30 veterans who served between February 1961
and May 1975. Yesterday, I celebrated Veterans&#8217; Day in Manhattan with a parade and ceremony organized
by the Flint Hills Veterans Coalition.
On
Veterans&#8217; Day, we express our gratitude for the service of those who have protected our way of
life and allowed us to remain the strongest and freest nation in the world. Let&#8217;s make certain
whether veterans wish to start their own business, commence a job search, or go back to school, they
are able to achieve the same American Dream they sacrificed so much to protect.
God
bless our veterans: we respect you, we thank you and we love you.
Honoring
Fallen Kansas Army National Guard Soldiers
On Thursday, the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) honored two
fallen Kansas Army National Guard soldiers who gave the ultimate sacrifice while supporting DIA officials
during Operation Iraqi Freedom on November 8, 2004. The DIA ceremoniously paid tribute to Army Sergeant
Don A. Clary of Troy and Sergeant First Class Clinton &#8220;Clint&#8221; L. Wisdom of Atchison as they
were inducted into the Patriots Memorial resident at the Headquarters of DIA on Bolling Air Force Base
in Washington, D.C. Sergeant Clary and Sergeant First Class Wisdom&#8217;s family, friends and fellow
Kansas National Guard soldiers were in attendance to memorialize how they nobly served our country.
As we pay tribute to Sergeant Clary and Sergeant First Class Wisdom, we&#8217;re reminded that
freedom is not free. Americans will be forever indebted to these Kansas Army National Guard soldiers,
Don and Clint, who laid down their lives for a grateful nation. I ask all Kansans to join me in expressing
our heartfelt gratitude, and remembering their families and friends in our thoughts and prayers.
If
You Like Your Health Plan, You Should Be Able To Keep It
I recently joined Senator Ron Johnson of Wisconsin to introduce
legislation &#8212; the &#8220;If You Like Your Health Plan, You Can Keep It Act&#8221; (S. 1617) &#8212;
that would make Obamacare less restrictive and provide flexibility for individuals wanting to keep the
plans they already have. At least 29 times, President Obama promised Americans that if you like the insurance
you have, you could keep it under Obamacare. Despite the repeated promises, thousands of individuals
and families across Kansas are among the millions of Americans who have had their health plans cancelled
because they do not meet the law&#8217;s requirements. Americans should be in control of their own health
care and should be free to choose the plans they want. I believe the entire law should be repealed and
replaced, but until that happens American individuals and families must be protected from the disasters
created by Obamacare.
Click
here
to read more about the &#8220;If You Like Your Health
Plan, You Can Keep It Act&#8221; and my efforts to dismantle the health care law and replace it with
practical reforms that are workable and will actually reduce health care costs.
Pittsburg
Q&amp;A Forum on Closure of Social Security Administration Office
On September 5, I was notified that the Social Security Administration
(SSA) would close its Pittsburg field office and consolidate operations with its Joplin, Missouri, field
office beginning November 18. I am very concerned by SSA&#8217;s announcement and its process for arriving
at this decision. Especially troubling is the fact that the Pittsburg community was not given an opportunity
to provide input, propose feasible alternatives, and serve as a partner in this process.
Because
the community was not given an opportunity to voice their concerns prior to the agency announcing its
decision, and in addition to a letter expressing concerns signed by Senator Roberts and Congresswoman
Jenkins, I asked SSA to hold a forum for community members to ask the agency questions about its decision.
This question and answer forum with SSA Kansas City Region officials took place on Tuesday at the Pittsburg
Law Enforcement Center had about 40 attendees. I will continue working to ensure that the voices of Kansans
impacted by this decision are heard by the agency. Thank you to the City of Pittsburg for hosting the
forum.
Encouraging
the FCC to Support Rural Telecommunication Services
Last week, I joined 25 senators in encouraging new FCC Chairman
Tom Wheeler to improve the predictability of universal service support, which would allow telecom carriers
to more confidently invest in telecommunications infrastructure and expand broadband across rural Kansas.
My colleagues and I called on the FCC to make changes to its 2011 Universal Service Fund (USF) reform
to increase accessibility for consumers in rural areas. USF supports new investments by telecom carriers
in hard-to-reach areas, but the recent reforms left the amount of support that telecom companies receive
too unpredictable, discouraging some carriers from making needed investments in rural parts of the country.
I remain concerned the reform order is limiting the ability of small carriers to provide rural consumers
with the broadband service they need to compete in today&#8217;s global economy.
Click
here
to read our letter to Chairman Wheeler.
Supporting the Johnson County Community College Foundation Saturday
evening Robba and I attended the 27th annual Johnson County Community College (JCCC) Foundation Some
Enchanted Evening. The event raises money for scholarships allowing thousands of students the opportunity
to fulfill their dream of attending college. Congratulations to Lynn Mitchelson who was awarded Johnson
Countian of the Year for his leadership in the community and at JCCC where he served as a Trustee. JCCC's
newest addition is their Hospitality and Culinary Academy, which was dedicated in October and will serve
the 700+ students in
JCCC
hospitality management programs.
Thank
you to the new JCCC President Dr. Joe Sopcich and his wife Stacy for hosting Robba and me.
In
the Office
Last week we had several visitors in the Washington, D.C., office,
including the Kansans listed below:
International
Walking Horse Association
Ruther Peters of Ellinwood
Gale Christy of Ellinwood
American
Geosciences Institute
Sophia Ford
Kansas
Bankers Association
John Lehman of Girard
Kelly Mason of Pratt
Alex Williams of Halstead
Mike Stevens of Sublette
Great
Plains Development Authority
Daniel Mann of Parsons
Ann Charles of Parsons
American
Psychiatric Association
Donald Brada of Lawrence
Kay Brada of Lawrence
Capitol
Tour
Traci Silva of Leawood
Steve Silva of Leawood
Colin Silva of Leawood
Cam Silva of Leawood
Kenneth Mantel of Prairie Village
Kathaleen Henry
of Overland Park
James Mantel of Shawnee
Patricia Mantel of Shawnee
Mel Holopirek of Great Bend
Shirley Holopirek of Great Bend
Steele Ebers
of Wichita
Shaye Ebers of Wichita
Terry Post of Leawood
Karen Post of Leawood
Mike Rasmussen of Leawood
Laurie Rasmussen of Leawood
Ron Keller
of Hays
Sam DeVore of Lyons
Jessica Stephan-LeBar of Shawnee
Fernanda daSilva of Shawnee
Honored
to Serve You in Washington It
is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and
writing in to share their thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate
the words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who
wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email
by
clicking
here .
You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
