
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
NEWS
SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
November 18, 2013
A Positive Vision for Health Care
Reform
This past week we learned that
only a little over 100,000 Americans signed up for a health care plan
in the Obamacare exchanges in October. With 4 to 5 million Americans
also receiving policy cancellation letters from their insurance
companies and premiums going up, we are already seeing the type of upheaval,
frustration, and pain that the president's health care law will cause
Americans and their families. The failures of Obamacare go far beyond a
faulty website.
On Thursday,
President Obama went before the American people and acknowledged that
his signature domestic policy achievement -- health care reform -- was
not working out the way he'd promised. Unfortunately, in the same
breath -- even as he said he would be unilaterally delaying yet another
portion of the law -- he reiterated his commitment to continuing
pursuing this Washington takeover of our health care
system.
Five years ago, the status quo in America's
health care system was unacceptable. Today, in large part thanks to
Obamacare, it is only getting worse. That is why I remain committed to
fighting for -- not a return to what wasn't working before -- but a
vision of health care reform that is positive and patient-centered. H.R.
2300, the Empowering Patients First Act is legislation I've introduced
that would get rid of Obamacare -- its higher taxes, higher debt,
higher premiums and mandates -- and replace it with a set of solutions
that would expand the insurance market so folks can purchase the coverage
they want and need, make it financially feasible for all Americans to
afford the coverage of their choosing, not the government's, and make
it so folks can find affordable coverage even if they have a
pre-existing condition. My plan would make insurance portable so you can take
your plan with you if you change your job or lose a job. And we would
finally address our nation's medical malpractice policies and the
hundreds of billions of dollars wasted each year on defensive
medicine.
As we in the House of
Representatives continue to do all we can to protect the American people from
the pain of Obamacare, I'll also be fighting for positive,
patient-centered solutions that adhere to the principles of health care we hold
dear: accessibility, affordability, choices, innovation, quality and
responsiveness.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend E-mail:
E-mail: E-mail:
Share on
Facebook Share on
Twitter
Washington DC
Office
100 Cannon House Office
Building
Washington DC 20515
Phone: 202-225-4501
Fax: 202-225-4656
District Office:
85-C Mill Street, Suite 300
Roswell, GA 30075
Phone: 770-998-0049
Fax:
770-998-0050
Internet:
Web:
http://tomprice.house.gov
E-mail:
E-mail Tom by clicking here
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
