
The Sam Johnson Journal
November 8, 2013
What to Expect In This Edition:
Ways &amp; Means Committee Hearing on ObamaCare
Setting the Record Straight: Chained CPI
Medicare SGR Reform: Quality vs. Quantity
Farm Bill Bicameral Conference
Ways &amp; Means Hearing on the implementation of ObamaCare
Making your voice heard
loud and clear!
During a full Ways and Means Committee hearing, I questioned Marilyn Tavenner, who heads the agency in charge of implementing the ObamaCare website.
Most of you have heard, or worse experienced, the disastrous October 1 launch of the healthcare website.
Its proven to be a total train wreck.
During the hearing, Tavenner out rightly apologized that the website does not work as well as it should.
While an apology is welcome, its not enough.
You see, the
failures go far beyond the technical glitches
of a website and the inadequate service on the 1-800 line to enroll people in healthcare.
This law promised the American people two basic things: one, affordable health care for
all , and two,
if you like your healthcare, you can keep it
both of which are complete misrepresentations of fact.
For starters, Tavenner refused to provide the American people with basic answers to questions of how this law will practically function.
Questions like, what happens if young people dont enroll and then premiums skyrocket for middle class families?
What about the individuals whose plans have been cancelled and now have to purchase insurance thats more expensive on a website that doesnt work?
More importantly, is the ObamaCare website 100% safe from hackers who could steal Americans personal information, including Social Security numbers?
Why does the entire Obama Administration refuse to go into the exchanges, the very system they created to help American families?
The questions go on and on, but sadly, the American people have only heard vague and over-generalized answers from the administration.
Folks, this is not a partisan issue.
My colleagues from both sides of the aisle recognize the failure of the laws implementation.
Even House Democratic Leader Steny Hoyer acknowledged that the administration should have been
more precise
in informing Americans of the potential they would lose their healthcare insurance plans.
Back in 2010, the
IRS predicted millions
of Americans would lose their current healthcare providers despite President Obamas repeated reassurance that,
" If you like your health care plan, you'll be able to keep your health care plan, period. No one will take it away, no matter what. "
Thats a blatant misrepresentation of facts, and now we are seeing the truth exposed.
The American people deserve better
they deserve a leader who can put what is right for the American people above his political agenda, to immediately take responsibility for his failures and ensure solutions for a better and brighter future.
Folks back home continue to share about the struggles and strain this healthcare law is placing on them and their families.
Phillip from Plano wrote me an email saying his 11-year-old daughters monthly insurance rate will DOUBLE starting January 1 for no additional coverage or benefits.
Phillip is a police officer and a single father, working hard to protect his daughter and protect the people of North Texas.
He dedicates his life to making America a better, safer place to live, and I think its about time our government returns the favor.
The American people deserve to freely choose the doctors they like, the hospitals they like, and the insurance providers they like without fear of skyrocketing costs.
Sadly, Phillips story is not the exception.
Today, I encourage you to make your voice heard; email me at
JohnsonTX03@mail.house.gov
or visit my
website
if you would like to share your ObamaCare story.
I look forward to hearing from you.
View Hearing Here
To view my statement in writing, please click
here .
Setting the Record Straight: Chained CPI
Earlier this year, as Chairman of the House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Social Security, I held a hearing to determine whether Chained Consumer Price Index (CPI) could accurately determine Social Securitys Cost-of-Living-Adjustment (COLA).
This proposal was also included in the Presidents 2014 budget as well as the report by the National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform.
As Ronald Reagan would say, facts are stubborn things
and the fact is since 2010, Social Security has been paying more in benefits than it receives in revenue.
Meaning its current path is unsustainable for our children and grandchildren.
In the next 20 years, revenues are projected to cover only 77 percent of benefits, meaning the current 47-year-old workers face a 23 percent benefit cut unless Congress acts now to save Social Security.
By accurately measuring inflation, Chained CPI will strengthen the Social Security program - its a step in the right direction to ensure people receive the benefits they need today and in the future.
When folks hear the words entitlement reform or Chained CPI, fear of losing benefits is the first thing that comes to mind.
Id like to set the record straight with a statement released recently
from the Ways and Means Committee :
Myth:
Chained CPI would cut the 2014 Social Security cost-of-living increase of 1.5 percent to 1.2 percent.
Fact:
If Chained CPI was used to determine the 2014 cost-of-living increase, seniors would see a 1.7 percent increase as opposed to this years 1.5 percent.
On average, thats $21.60 each month in the pocket of American seniors.
Medicare SGR Reform: Quality vs. Quantity
Lets face it; health care needs reform across the board.
Every facet of the law should reinforce the basic principle of patient-centered quality care.
Thats why as a member of the Ways and Means Health Subcommittee, I have been working with fellow colleagues to find solutions to fix the Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) and ensure care is measured in quality.
The SGR is a formula established by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) to control Medicare spending based on the growth in the gross domestic product (GDP).
Essentially under the SGR method, physicians are paid a flat fee for each patient they treat, not for the quality of care or results of the individual treated.
Doctors, therefore, cant afford to give patients the attention they deserve, and likewise, patients are receiving subpar care.
That being said, last week, Ways and Means Committee released a plan for a
permanent fix
to the broken Medicare SGR formula.
If interested, view more information
here .
First 2013 Farm Bill Conference Committee Meeting
As a member of the Ways and Means Committee, I have been appointed as a conferee along with my colleague, Dave Camp, Chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, to review the tax code portions of the bill.
The first public meeting between both House &amp; Senate Farm Bill Conferees commenced last Thursday, October 30.
As we work together to create a proposal that can pass the House and Senate, my goal is to ensure every taxpayer dollar is spent in a wise and efficient manner.
Im confident that we can abide by our principles, while giving the country a farm bill that allows ranchers and farmers to continue growing food, create jobs and strengthen our economy
while responsibly helping those who are truly in need.
Thank you for reading my e-newsletter.
If you enjoyed this newsletter, encourage your friends to subscribe by visiting my
website .
You also can find me on Facebook:
Sam Johnson
and Twitter:
@SamsPressShop .
Until next time, God bless you and God bless America.
Sincerely,
SAM JOHNSON
Member of Congress
Washington D.C. Office
1211 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4201
Texas Office
1255 W 15th Street, Suite 170
Plano, Texas 75075
Phone: (469) 304-0382
Fax: (469) 304-0392
Click Here Click Here