DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Home
About
District
Constituent Services
Issues
Newsroom
Contact
November 27, 2013
Congressional Update
Howdy Texans!
The last two weeks have been very eventful in Washington. The House passed the Keep your Health Plan Act. In addition, my bill, the Protecting States Rights to Promote American Energy Security Act passed the House on November 20th. I and over 250 additional House Members sent a letter to House leadership regarding Medicare physician reimbursement rates. Also, several House Republicans have prepared impeachment articles against U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder. Lastly, we I will review the damage that Obamacare is creating for hardworking American families.
Protecting States Rights to Promote American Energy Security Act
America is in the midst of a transformation in the way that we produce energy domestically. The shale energy boom has brought about an energy revolution which is powering our economic recovery and creating hundreds of thousands of well-paying American energy jobs. Energy from affordable, abundant, and clean natural gas has also put our country in a position to make us once again globally competitive in manufacturing and to grow good, middle class jobs from our manufacturing renaissance.
In order to protect these jobs we must limit the federal governments ability slow down energy production with duplicative regulations and unnecessary red tape.
On Wednesday, November 20th, the House passed the H.R. 2728, Protecting States Rights to Promote American Energy Security Act, which I introduced. This legislation prohibits the Interior Department from creating federal hydraulic fracturing regulations in any state that already has regulations in place and recognizes states authority to regulate this type of activity. With the bipartisan passage of the Protecting States Rights to Promote American Energy Security Act, we are ensuring that states can continue to produce affordable energy in a safe, clean, and reliable manner that promotes efficiency, creates jobs, and saves taxpayer dollars.
Click on the image above to view Congressman Flores House floor statement regarding the Protecting States Rights to Promote American Energy Security Act.
Obamacare Update
Since the insurance marketplace for Obamacare opened, I have heard scores of stories regarding the problems that people are experiencing in finding coverage that is actually affordable. This ill-conceived law is causing massive uncertainty as we begin to see the effects that this law is having on job growth, economic growth, and American families. Congress must continue to work to fully repeal Obamacare and to facilitate reform of our health care system with the objectives of increasing health care access, lowering costs, and improving the stability of this important segment of our economy. American families deserve commonsense health care reform that strengthen the doctor-patient relationship and give them a say in their health care. My colleagues and I have proposed a solution with
H.R. 3121, the American Health Care Reform Act.
I am hopeful that the House will begin consideration of this common sense solution in the near future.
Keep Your Health Plan Act
The president has repeatedly promised Americans that they would be able to keep their current health care plan under Obamacare. Now millions of Americans are seeing their existing coverage being cancelled, their premiums increasing, and they are losing access to their current doctors. Hardworking Americans deserve better.
On Friday, November 15th, the House voted to pass H.R. 3350, the Keep Your Health Plan Act. This bipartisan bill allows plans available on the individual market to continue to be offered next year
providing millions of Americans the opportunity to keep their policies and ensuring that those keeping their plans would not face a penalty under Obamacares individual mandate. Unlike the presidents proposed political fix, the Keep Your Health Plan Act allows insurers to sell plans to new customers. While this legislation may not be perfect, the alternative of allowing millions of Americans to lose their coverage was something I was not willing to let happen.
Impeaching Attorney General Eric Holder
Attorney General Eric Holder has violated his oath of office to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States of America. As a result of his actions, he should be impeached. Among other things, his infractions include the Fast and Furious scandal and cover-up, the failure to enforce federal laws, and his actions to target journalists in clear violation of the First Amendment. His actions display a reckless disregard for the rule of law and for the United States Constitution, causing a deep mistrust of the federal government among law-abiding Americans. Earlier this year, I called for the resignation or termination of Attorney General Holder; in light of his egregious abuses of the powers of his office and his failure to resign, I have joined the initiative led by Congressman Pete Olson calling for his immediate impeachment.
Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR)
Our nations physicians continue to face uncertainty as their Medicare reimbursement rates are being outpaced by the growth in health care costs. There is wide bipartisan support to fix the Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) formula. It is time Congress work to enact reforms and permanently replace the flawed formula with an effective system that rewards quality, helps control costs, and provides fair compensation for doctors. Instead of the continuous uncertainty caused by on-again/off-again annual payment cuts, physicians should be rewarded for the quality of care they provide to Medicare beneficiaries
ultimately improving access and quality of care for the patient. In order to start the conversation on this important issue, I sent a bipartisan letter, supported by 258 other Members of Congress, to House Speaker John Boehner and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi requesting enactment of fiscally responsible reforms to the Medicare physician payment system.
To view a copy of the letter
CLICK HERE .
Looking Forward
As we gather around our tables with our loved ones this Thanksgiving, I want to take a moment to extend my wishes to you and your family. I hope you have a Happy Thanksgiving and a great to start to this years holiday season!
As always, I encourage each of you to continue praying for our country during these challenging times, for our brave military men and women, and for our first responder personnel who selflessly serve to protect us each day.
With great respect,
Bill Flores
Member of Congress
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
Washington, DC
1030 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6105
Fax: (202) 225-0350
Bryan-College Station
3000 Briarcrest Drive
Suite 406
Bryan, TX 77802
Phone: (979)-703-4037
Fax: (979)-703-8845
Austin
14205 Burnet Road
Suite 230
Austin, TX 78728
Waco
400 Austin Ave. Suite 302
Waco, TX 76701
Phone: (254) 732-0748
Fax: (254) 732-1755
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here