
Thank you for subscribing to my e-newsletter. I'm pleased to provide this e-newsletter as an additional way for me to keep in touch with Central Washington residents. I hope you find it informative and I encourage you to forward it to any co-workers or friends who might be interested in
signing up themselves
to receive periodic updates in the future.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. If I can ever be of any assistance to you, please contact my office at (509) 543-9396 or visit my website at
www.hastings.house.gov . You can also like me on
Facebook
and follow me on
Twitter .
Sincerely,
TOP NEWS
Hastings Awards Yakima Veteran Bronze Star Medal
On November 4th, Congressman Hastings had the honor of presenting the Bronze Star Medal to Muriel "Merle" Hicks at the Yakima VFW Post 379. Hicks, a Purple Heart medal recipient, served as Second Lieutenant in the United States Army from 1941 until 1945.
"They didn't think they did things that are extraordinary,"
said Hastings following the ceremony.
"They were just doing their duty, but when you put your life in danger like they did and do duty beyond what would be the call, that needs to be recognized."
A fire in the 1970s destroyed millions of military personnel records and delayed Mr. Hicks receiving this prestigious and long-overdue award. The Bronze Star Medal is the fourth-highest military award for an individual to receive for acts of bravery, heroism, or meritorious service.
Hastings Votes to Strengthen Washington Rivers, Trade
On October 23rd, Hastings voted in favor of
Water Resources Reform and Development Act (WRRDA)
( H.R. 3080 ), which passed the House of Representatives with overwhelming bipartisan support.
"The Columbia River system is critical to Central Washingtons economy, providing for transportation of farm and manufacturing goods to international ports, power generation, farm irrigation, and flood control through the maintenance of our dams,"
said Hastings , following the vote.
"The WRRDA bill preserves the ability of Washington farmers to get their products to overseas markets, and makes the necessary investments to strengthen and modernize Americas waterways system.
We must continue our commitment to sustain and enhance our nations water resources infrastructure. Im hopeful this necessary legislation will soon become law."
At its core, WRRDA is a fiscally responsible bill that makes investments in our infrastructure, creates new jobs, grows our economy, and ensures that America remains competitive in the global marketplace.
Group Led by Hastings Hosts Forum on the ESA
The Endangered Species Act (ESA) Congressional Working Group, led by Hastings and Rep. Cynthia Lummis (WY-at large), recently held a
forum
entitled
Reviewing 40 Years of the Endangered Species Act and Seeking Improvement for People and Species.
The forum featured 17 panelists, representing diverse groups and interests from across the country who discussed ways to strengthen and improve the ESA to better serve the needs of both species and people.
From concerns surrounding a sub-species of plant known as the Bladderpod, to salmon, to wolves, my own central Washington constituents continue to be impacted by the ESA in a number of significant ways,
said Hastings .
We heard similar examples, and I invite others to submit their own stories, from around the country on how they have also been directly impacted by this law. It is clear that there is agreement on the need to update the ESA.
The public is encouraged to submit written comments, ideas, and recommendations to the Endangered Species Act Working Group
here .
Hastings Dedicates Columbia Basin College Veterans Monument
On Veterans Day, Hastings joined officials at Columbia Basin College in Pasco to commemorate a new monument dedicated to veterans.
"As we dedicate this honorable tribute to all who have served, let it be a symbol for future generations to heed the call of service and protect our nations most precious liberties
never taking them for granted. There is no greater duty than to serve in the defense of this great nation,"
said Hastings at the event.
WEEKLY MESSAGE
November 8, 2013
Washington:
124 Years and Counting
November 1, 2013
Honoring Our Commitment to Our Veterans
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
Op-Ed: Modernizing water infrastructure creates jobs
Capital Press
VIDEO: Yakima Veteran Finally Handed the Bronze Star Medal
KNDO TV
PHOTOS: Yakima World War II vet receives 7 medals, including
Bronze Star
Yakima-Herald Republic
Hastings joins Northwest lawmakers in calling for BPA independence
Tri-City Herald
CONNECT WITH DOC
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
RSS
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1203 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-5816 | Fax: (202) 225-3251
TRI-CITIES OFFICE
2715 St. Andrews Loop, Suite D
Pasco, WA 99301
(509) 543-9396 | Fax: (509) 545-1972
YAKIMA OFFICE
402 E. Yakima Avenue, Suite 760
Yakima, WA 98901
(509) 452-3243 | Fax: (509) 452-3438
Click Here Click Here