DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Almost every day I hear from constituents across the 5th District of Texas who have had their hours cut, premiums increased, or even had their existing health care policies cancelled entirely as a result of Obamacare. I would like to hear how this law is affecting you, please take a moment to complete this
survey . Regrettably, in the land of the free, tens of millions of our fellow countrymen are being forced to buy health care they do not want, at prices they cannot afford, on a website that does not work.
Time and time again, when extolling the virtues of the so-called Affordable Care Act, President Obama promised the American people that if they liked their current health care plan, they would be able to keep it. Unfortunately, this was not the truth. More than two million Americans are being forced off their current plans, and up to 75 percent of the 14 million people who have individual insurance could see their plans cancelled because of Obamacare
something the Obama Administration reportedly knew would happen.
Sadly, these reports come as no surprise to the countless Americans
including many in the 5th District of Texas
who have already received cancellation notices. That is why I co-sponsored the Keep Your Health Plan Act (H.R. 3350), which would ensure that Americans have what the president promised: the option to keep the plan they have if they like it.
As the list of glitches, consequences, and broken promises of Obamacare continues to grow, it is becoming increasingly clear why one of the laws chief architects called it a train-wreck. It is time for the administration to be honest with the American people about their laws failings.
I would like to know your thoughts about Obamacare. Please take a moment to
fill out this survey
and share your thoughts with me.
Yours respectfully,
Jeb Hensarling
Member of Congress
www.hensarling.house.gov
(202) 225-3484
DC
(903) 675-8288
Athens
(214) 349-9996
Dallas
Please do not respond to this email as this is an unattended mailbox.
If you would like to comment please
click here
or if you would like to sign up to receive my enewsletter please
click here .
Connect with me on:
Click Here Click Here