DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
November 21, 2013
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Find Me on:
Marchant Introduces
Debt Management Act
Our national debt currently stands at more than $17 trillion and, if left unchecked, poses a serious threat to Americas future. This is why I have introduced the
Debt Management Act
(DMA).
This bill is designed to address our ever-increasing national debt and lay the foundation for structural deficit reduction. It would reform the debt limit increase requesting process by requiring the administration to prove they are not simply asking to borrow more money without a short, medium, and long-term fiscal plan. Should the administration request another debt limit increase in the future, DMA would allow Congress and the American people to clearly understand the real fiscal situation and examine whether the administration is truly working to get our fiscal house in order.
Every American family must live within its means by closely evaluating their finances. It is time for Washington to follow the same common-sense approach. I am proud to introduce the
Debt Management Act
and will continue working to give the American people the solutions and accountability they deserve.
House Passes Keep
Your Health Plan
Act
I voted to pass the
Keep Your Health Plan Act , which would prevent Americans from having their existing health insurance plan canceled due to Obamacare. This bill is designed to protect Americans
not the flawed healthcare law
and ensure that individuals will not lose the healthcare plans they like, and then be fined for not having health coverage.
T housands of my constituents have recently learned they will no longer be able to keep their preferred health insurance plan due to Obamacare. I shared one constituents story on the House floor. I will continue fighting to dismantle this flawed law and protect the American people from its damaging impacts.
Click for video
Marchant Cosponsors
Consumer Protection Act
During a recent Senate Finance Committee
hearing , Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told Senator John Cornyn (TX) that Obamacare navigators, those tasked with enrolling people in the health insurance exchanges, are not required to undergo a criminal background check before they are given access to Americans most sensitive personal information. This means that Americans could be unknowingly giving sensitive information directly to convicted felons.
To ensure that Americans are not exposed to fraud or identity theft at the hands of Obamacare navigators,
I have cosponsored the
Consumer Protection Act . This bill would take further steps to protect Americans sensitive personal information and ensure that convicted felons are not hired to enroll individuals in the health insurance exchanges.
The presidents healthcare law forces Americans to share a large amount of their sensitive personal and financial information. They should not have to be concerned that they are putting themselves at risk.
House Passes Bills to Expand Energy
Production &amp; Protect States' Energy Rights
I voted to pass the
Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act
( H.R. 1900 ), and the
Protecting States Rights to Promote American Energy Security Act
( H.R. 2728 ). These bills would help create American jobs, expand domestic energy production, and cut costly and unnecessary federal red tape.
The
Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act
would help expedite the creation of new natural gas pipelines that will greatly improve our nations ability to harness valuable natural gas resources. This bill would help create jobs in Texas and across America without compromising environmental safeguards.
The
Protecting States Rights to Promote American Energy Security Act
would prohibit the administration from imposing additional hydraulic fracturing regulations on any state that already has these regulations in place. States such as Texas have safely and successfully regulated hydraulic fracturing for decades. More unnecessary federal regulations only infringe upon states rights and hinder our ability to expand domestic energy production, lower energy costs, and create American jobs.
"Like" me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or e-mail me at
www.marchant.house.gov/contact .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
