
On Monday, our nation will celebrate Veterans Day. I hope every American will pause for a moment this weekend to reflect on what veterans have done for us and for our country as a whole.
We are now 238 years removed from our nation&rsquo;s first war, the Revolutionary War. Brave Americans have fought to defend this nation in wars large and small, from the World Wars to Vietnam to Iraq, and everything in between. Our nation still has some 54,000 troops in Afghanistan, and we all pray for their safe return as we draw down our forces over the next year.
In each incarnation, brave men and women, often barely old enough to vote, went to war, and returned as veterans. A common thread that binds each generation served by our veterans is that solemn pledge so perfectly articulated by President Lincoln: &ldquo;Let us strive&hellip; to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan.&rdquo;
Senator Durbin met with military families staying at the Hines VA Fisher House on Veterans Day 2011.
Living up to Lincoln&rsquo;s words has been the duty of every generation. Our veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan are the most recent to experience the deep-seated physical, emotion, and mental wounds of war.
Senator Durbin talks with Aimee and Yuriy Zmysly, whose story helped inspire Senator Durbin to introduce and pass legislation creating the Department of Veterans Affairs' Family Caregivers Program.
In recognition, we cannot simply commemorate our veterans&rsquo; service, but must express our gratitude through action. Supporting and strengthening our veterans&rsquo; access to health care, education, job training, housing, and other services, is every bit about keeping this promise.
Senator Durbin met with World War II veterans from Illinois who had traveled to Washington, DC with the Honor Flight program.
Here in Congress, we hold in our hands the legislative powers to improve the treatment, benefit, and assistance programs that already exist, and the power to create new programs to meet the changing needs of our veterans and their families. We in Congress have a heightened obligation to service the needs of our veterans.
Senator Durbin visited the Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago&rsquo;s Center For Bionic Medicine to discuss legislation he introduced to to support the field of prosthetics and orthotics.
On Veterans Day in 1961, President Kennedy stood at Arlington National Cemetery, in view of the Capitol building in Washington, D.C. On that day he said: &ldquo;In a world tormented by tension and the possibilities of conflict, we meet in a quiet commemoration of an historic day of peace. In an age that threatens the survival of freedom, we join together to honor those who made our freedom possible.&rdquo;
Senator Durbin poses with representatives from Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America at the Veterans Day celebration at Soldier Field in 2011.
Today, some 52 years later, we too stand together to honor, to commemorate, and to remember the proud ranks of veterans who have defended America and her ideals in every corner of the globe. I am proud to stand for our nation&rsquo;s veterans and their families every day, but I am especially proud to celebrate them each year on Veterans Day.
We&rsquo;ve come a long way in supporting our veterans over the years and responding to their changing needs, but our work is far from done.
Stay Informed
Stay informed on what I am doing for Illinois and what is happening in Congress by visiting my
website .
If you have a question, a comment, or are in need of assistance, please contact my office at one of the phone numbers below or
send me an email .
Office phone numbers:
Washington, DC:
(202) 224-2152 Chicago:
(312) 353-4952 Springfield:
(217) 492-4062 Carbondale:
(618) 351-1122 Rock Island:
(309) 786-5173
You can also follow me on these services:
If you did not sign up to receive this email or no longer wish to receive future updates, please
click here to unsubscribe .
Sent from the office of U.S. Senator Dick Durbin
