DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | November 8, 2012
CLICK HERE
to see the pictures and graphics in this email.
What Our Veterans See
Americas veterans have seen the worst side mankind has to offer.
From the battlefields of Europe, the Pacific and Korea to the jungles of Vietnam and dangerous and ever present threats in the Middle East, these American heroes have selflessly fought for the freedom we enjoy.
It seems a perfect coincidence we honor our veterans just ahead of our national celebration of Thanksgiving Day, for the two go hand-in-hand.
Without the sacrifice and service of our military there may be no opportunity to celebrate Thanksgiving.
So before we gather to give thanks for our friends and family, it is only proper that all Americans come together to offer our thanks and respect to our veterans.
The people of Wyoming have a proud history of defending Americas freedoms.
With thousands serving at F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Cheyenne and still thousands more serving across the state in the National Guard and Reserves, Wyoming actively supports the defense of our nation.
Even as the U.S. scales back military operations in the Middle East, Wyomings men and women continue to share in the load.
Just last month, soldiers from the Wyoming Army National Guard Detachment 53, Operational Support Aircraft Command based in Cheyenne, deployed for a 9 month assignment in Afghanistan.
Please remember to keep them and their families especially in your thoughts and prayers during Veterans Day and throughout their deployment.
Our Wyoming soldiers have always done their part, sacrificing comforts, safety, and sometimes their very lives.
There is nothing we can do to fully repay this service they have given, but we must do our part to support them both in the field and at home.
Our veterans have seen all kinds of evils in the wars and conflicts theyve fought through.
When they come home they deserve a heros welcome.
So this Veterans Day lets help them see the best we have to offer.
Remember to thank our veterans.
Sincerely,
Join the conversation! Stay connected to me through
,
,
and
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Newsletter Sign-U p
------------------------------------
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Tumblr
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here