
November 11, 2013
Honoring Those Who Served - Veterans Day 2013
Dear Friend:
No one has done more to secure the freedom enjoyed by every single American than our veterans and those currently serving in the armed services. To those who have served and to those who currently wear the uniform
thank you.
Veterans Day is a chance for our nation to stand in unity to honor the brave women and men who answered their countrys call to arms and fought to protect the freedom we hold dear.
No words adequately describe the sacrifice made by our veterans.
Many of them left their homes and families behind to travel across the globe to fight for libertys cause.
All too often, they made the ultimate sacrifice.
Every American owes a debt of gratitude to our nations veterans, all of whom made these sacrifices to protect the rights and liberties we hold so dear.
Its every Americans responsibility to take a moment to show our veterans that were grateful for their service.
I urge every Iowan to take a moment this Veterans Day to show our veterans how grateful we are for their service.
Lets also remember the military families who also must make great sacrifices and deal with the prolonged absence
and sometimes the loss
of a loved one.
Veterans Day, which is celebrated on the anniversary of the signing of the armistice that ended World War I, began as a tribute to Americans who died fighting in that conflict.
Congress later passed a law in 1938 to officially make November 11th a national holiday.
Today, Veterans Day is recognized as a day to honor all who have served
but the American people know that our nations veterans have earned that honor and recognition every day of the year.
It is my highest duty and privilege to represent the veterans of Iowa. We must do everything we can to deliver on the benefits our veterans and soldiers were promised.
They have provided us with a powerful model of character, discipline and patriotism, even as they often regard their own military service with modesty and humility.
Once again, I want to thank our nations veterans who have done so much to protect us and the values that make the United States the greatest country in the world.
The freedom we enjoy today is a direct result of their service and sacrifice.
May God continue to bless them, their loved ones and our great nation.
Sincerely,
