
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
About
Contact
Services
Media
Center
Legislation
Issues
Resources
November 18, 2013
Friends,
Two weeks ago, a lone gunman opened
fire at Los Angeles International Airport, tragically killing one
Transportation Security Officer and wounding two other officers and a high
school teacher. My sincerest condolences go out to the victims and their
families. Transportation Security Officers take great personal risk
every day in order to secure our nations aviation system and while
its fair to question certain policies and actions of TSA, we ought to be
thankful for the service of the individual TSA
employees.
In light of that recent tragedy, it is critical,
now more than ever, for TSA to conduct a comprehensive review of
security programs to ensure that resources are being used in the most
effective and efficient manner, and that coordination and communication
with local law enforcement is seamless.
Last week I held a
hearing with TSA Administrator John Pistole to review TSAs current
security programs and the Government Accountability Office (GAO) report that
evaluated TSAs Screening of Passengers by Observation Techniques
(SPOT) program. Given the recent event at LAX, it was imperative that we
also examine the overall effectiveness of TSAs transportation security
operations.
Watch my opening statement at
last week's hearing on TSA's SPOT
program.
TSAs SPOT program deploys over 3,000 behavior detection
officers in an effort to identify passengers that may pose a risk to
aviation security. These TSA employees are not trained law enforcement
officers.
As such, they rely on state and local law enforcement to
handle any situations that may arise beyond the screening of passengers
and baggage or if they think someone is acting suspiciously. However,
as we discussed in the hearing, the
recent GAO report pointed
out that the way the behavior detection officers determine if someone
is acting suspicious, is not based on proven science.
Additionally, the study concluded that the human ability to accurately
identify deceptive behavior based on behavioral indicators is the same or
only slightly better than chance. That is definitely not something I, or
any other travelers, want to hear.
Because of
these findings, the GAO has recommended that TSA limit future funding
for behavior detection activities until it can provide scientifically
validated evidence demonstrating that behavioral indicators can be
used to identify passengers who pose a threat to aviation security.
With that being said,
I do see value in using behavior
analysis to bolster aviation security, but only when we can prove that
taxpayer dollars are being spent in the most effective manner possible.
Perhaps reinforcing local law enforcement officers at airports,
who are well equipped to detect suspicious behavior, makes more sense
than spending $900 million on 3,000 employees doing behavior detection
at TSA.
We know the threats to aviation are
real.
Our enemies continue to plot against us. We need
layers of security; but those layers have to make sense; they cant be
based on a hunch; they must be proven.
The hearing this past week
was the start of a serious conversation about the additional research
that is needed to validate the program's effectiveness and/or
alternative security measures that would be more effective to deter and
prevent attacks on our aviation system.
Congress will continue to
conduct oversight of the program and will have regular briefings with
TSA to ensure this agency is held accountable and making strides in
ensuring security for all travelers.
Until next
week,
Richard Hudson
Member of Congress
(NC-08)
Concord Office
325 McGill Ave, NW
Suite
500
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (704) 7861612
Rockingham Office
1015 Fayetteville Rd
Rockingham, NC 28379
Phone: (910) 9972070
Washington D.C. Office
429 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 2253715
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
