
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
SAYING GOODBYE
Congressman Emanuel Cleaver with Congressman Ike Skelton during the portrait unveiling last year in Washington.
How do you say goodbye to someone you love like a big brother? I know we have all lost loved ones. We have all suffered pain. And now, our state, and indeed, our entire country, join together to say goodbye to our dear friend - Congressman Ike Skelton. Ike's 'resume' is well-known. But what we, here in Missouri, know about our friend goes far beyond that.
He was born in Lexington and attended Wentworth Military Academy. He was a lawyer, prosecuting attorney, and a state attorney general. He was a member of the Missouri state senate and served sixteen terms in Congress as a United States Representative. He was chairman of the House Armed Services Committee and as so, was one of the most influential human beings, not only in this country, but in the world. He was the most revered Member of Congress by the military of the United States of America. Yet, any Member of Congress, from either side of the aisle, could stop him and hold a conversation. He never lost the common touch. But that doesn't capture who Ike Skelton was.
Ike was a man of humility. He was kind, loving, and strong. His strength came in the form of great gentleness. He was approachable to everyone and remained a dignified public servant throughout his life. Last year I participated in the unveiling ceremony of his portrait, which is now hanging in the House Armed Services Committee. Hundreds came to recognize this fine man and to honor him. Portrait unveilings don't happen very often on Capitol Hill, and this was one to remember.
How could Missouri ever forget? He brought us military bases, jobs, and worldwide respect. He fought for what he believed in but he did so without attacking. He knew the difference between people and peoples' ideas. He knew disagreeing with a person's idea or belief did not mean disliking the person who held it. He always looked for ways to make life a little better for others. On more than one occasion he gave up time with his own family to spend Thanksgiving and Christmas with troops overseas. He was a man among men.
It will be difficult to roam the halls of Congress and not see Ike Skelton. Or to come into the House Chamber and not look at the seat where he usually sat and where the Missouri delegation would, from time to time, gather around him. I have said to him and to others in his presence, that this man had the ability to walk with kings and Presidents, yet not lose the common touch.
Whether it was his service to others, his personal friendship, or a combination of both, Ike Skelton will not be forgotten. He was special. He was rare. And people like Ike don't come around that often. I was on the floor of the House when I found out he had passed away. I knew he had been sick, but his death was certainly unexpected.
I will always remember - and miss - my mentor and my friend, Ike Skelton. I led a moment of silence on the House Floor in memory of Ike. There were tears around the room. A room that sometimes feels so cold. For indeed, the world is a bit colder now that Ike has passed away. I have performed weddings and funerals for Ike Skelton and his family. And I will be searching for words as I speak at his. He traveled the world and knew the powerful on a first name basis. But what Ike loved most -- was coming home to Missouri. The man from Lexington had a long life and an even longer list of accomplishments. Good works that will be recorded by historians for many years to come. Now we must prepare to say goodbye to our friend, Ike Skelton, who has now gone home for good.
DO NOT TAKE FOOD FROM CHILDREN
Congressman Cleaver joins colleagues and anti-hunger groups in Washington to speak out against SNAP cuts
Cutting benefits for food to children, the elderly, and working families is not right. It's just not right. But that is exactly what Congress has decided to do.
This week I joined several colleagues and representatives from anti-hunger groups, including the Food Research Action Center and Share Our Strength, to denounce these across-the-board cuts to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP). They will impact thousands of Americans -- many in Missouri's Fifth District.
As you may know, I grew up in a house with three sisters, no running water or bathrooms, and feasting on meals that I now realize were not really meals at all. Nutrition is critical for a child's development. The lack of nutrition from my youth has, I believe, contributed to multiple operations I have had over the years. I resent those who deny nutrition to children who rely on SNAP benefits.
The Recovery Act in 2009 included a 13.6% increase to the SNAP program, raising benefits for all participating households during the recession. It was necessary then -- and now. According to a report by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities (CBPP), the cut will result in a reduction equaling about $36 a month for a family of four. That may not sound like a lot, but those using the benefits will tell you -- it is.
The cut means $5 billion less in SNAP benefits that would help feed American families in the 2014 fiscal year alone. This is a serious loss for families whose benefits will now average less than $1.40 a person per meal. 22 million children and 9 million people who are elderly or have a serious disability are included in these cuts.
That is why I have joined Reps. John Conyers, Jr. (D-Michigan) and Barbara Lee (D-California), in cosponsoring the "Extend Not Cut SNAP Benefits Act". It is a one-year extension of the 13% benefit increase. These benefits are not a hand out for people who don't want to work and aren't trying, despite the myths and outright untruths some are spreading. SNAP benefits are
the critical bridge during difficult economic times that help safeguard families from facing hunger. SNAP helps put food on the table for struggling families, supports farmers with product purchase, and stimulates economic growth. For every $1 increase in SNAP benefits, $1.70 is generated in economic activity. In 2011, SNAP lifted 4.7 million Americans above the poverty line, including 2.1 million children.
Cutting SNAP benefits at this point in time, from kids, from the disabled, from the elderly is not the right way to go. It doesn't make economic sense -- and it doesn't make soul sense.
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT UPDATE
There have been some frustrations and failures with the Affordable Care Act (ACA) website, but fixes are underway. I want to keep you updated on the latest information concerning ACA and have a few items to pass along.
Teams are working around the clock to implement hardware and software fixes to make the system work more efficiently for consumers.
Those teams are also ramping up a "tech surge" that will help diagnose issues, build testing tools, and create more solutions to enhance
HealthCare.gov .
There are new features on the homepage that make it easier to preview plan information, comparison shop, and apply.
A newly released study recently found very encouraging news for nearly half of the single young adults who are uninsured and may be eligible for coverage in the new Marketplaces. The study shows they could get coverage for $50 or less a month because of premium tax credits. This is the age group that is most likely to be without health insurance, and just one of many groups in our country who will now be able to find affordable, quality coverage in the new Marketplaces.
Remember there are 4 ways to apply for health coverage. The online procedure has gotten the most attention due to the challenges there, but
you can also apply on the phone, by mail with a paper application, or with the help of an in-person assister.
Again, I agree that the website issues are unacceptable. But they are able to be fixed. In the bigger picture, what is unacceptable, is leaving millions of Americans on their own, without access to affordable health care options. That, fortunately, is being fixed as well, through the Affordable Care Act.
LISTENING TO VETERANS
I often hear from veterans in Missouri's Fifth District about the challenges of getting timely access to benefits they have earned. While the Department of Veterans Affairs has diligently worked on this problem, there is another effort underway that is getting lots of bipartisan support. There is a legislative package of 10 bills that has been introduced to fight the backlog of claims for disability compensation and reinforce the VA's ongoing efforts to get veterans' claims and compensation settled faster.
The administration has already reduced the backlog claims by more than 30%.
The government shutdown stopped appeals and slowed progress.
There are now more than 700,000 disability claims pending.
There are more than 400,000 disability claims in the backlog.
Several pieces of legislation from the Democratic backlog reduction package include key provisions that will:
Pay veterans more quickly.
Ensure the VA has necessary information from other agencies to process claims in a timely fashion.
Speed claims by allowing veterans' medical exams to be performed by doctors outside of the VA system.
I remain committed to working for those who have so bravely served and sacrificed for our country. I will continue to keep you updated on this, and other legislation designed to assist veterans.
CIVILITY CORNER
Years ago, when I was in college, I had a desperate need for some money. Like most students, I was strapped for money when it came to many things, but I remember the most important at that moment. Attending the Temptations concert at the Palladium Ballroom in Houston. So several of my friends and I decided to bail hay on a farm just north of the city to make some quick cash. I chuckle now when I realize some of my city slicker colleagues inside the Beltway think baling hay refers to getting some guy named 'Hay' out of jail. But back in my day, we knew all about baling hay - with our hands. Let me tell you, it was hard, itchy, and back straining work.
The farmer who hired us had a horse driven wagon, and that is where we loaded the hay. The boss noticed that anytime I got into the wagon, I got in from the rear, even to ride up front.
He asked me why I was doing that? I explained that I didn&rsquo;t want to get too close to the back kicking legs of the horse. The farmer laughed and said, &ldquo;The last thing this horse wants to do is kick while it is pulling the wagon. Haven&rsquo;t you heard that a horse can&rsquo;t kick when it&rsquo;s plowing and can&rsquo;t plow when it&rsquo;s kicking?&rdquo; And while I never quite accepted the farmer&rsquo;s thesis, I did remember it and modified it. You can&rsquo;t work and kick at the same time.
It got me thinking. What if the House of Representatives chose some tough but critical piece of legislation, and then decided to work on it feverishly to pull it through the legislative process? And what if we did so with only one rule, no kicking!
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
(660) 584-7373 (phone)
(660) 584-7227 (fax)
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
