
Thursday, November 14, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Make sure to enable photos in your email browser!
Honoring Our Veterans
To see more photos,
click here
N early 24 years ago, American leadership helped bring down the Berlin Wall without firing a shot. Now, our service members and veterans are up against a new wall - one of bureaucracy. This wall complicates nearly every facet of life as they transition from active duty service to veteran status
This Veterans Day, we must renew our commitment to people who have served us. Our task begins by ensuring their medical records, which document years or decades of service, seamlessly follow them from uniformed to veteran status. This year, the House of Representatives is taking action to push both the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs to realize this goal.
Our troops face numerous challenges after they serve: transitioning to civilian life, finding a career, or continuing their education, just to name a few. Our veterans should not have to serve as couriers between the DoD and VA too. It's an additional and unnecessary burden. We are all one nation and our agencies should operate like it. Unfortunately, in typical government fashion, our two biggest departments still are not fully capable of digitally communicating in the 21st century.
You can read my full column on how we can better serve our veterans in the
Chillicothe Gazette .
Table of Contents
Making a Difference
Featured Cosponsorship
Featured Policy Letter
Honoring Our Veterans
Help for Veterans
Visiting High Schools
Coffee w/ Your Congressman
Main Street Tours
On a Personal Note
Constituent Survey
Making a Difference:
Shattering Barriers to Effective Mental Health Care for Veterans
This fall, I hosted a congressional field hearing to explore barriers to effective mental health care for veterans. The House Veterans' Affairs Subcommittee on Health convened right here in Southern Ohio to examine how the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Healthcare System of Ohio is caring for veterans who need mental health care services.
We heard testimony from our local Veterans Service Offices, non-profits, individuals, the Cincinnati VA Medical Center, and the Cincinnati VET Center. By recognizing the issues that our veterans face, we are better able to address flaws in the system and fix them. We as a nation are indebted to those who have served and continue to serve in uniform. It is our responsibility to do everything we can to help those who have sacrificed so much for the freedoms that we enjoy as Americans.
You can read more about the field hearing
here .
Featured Cosponsorship
H.R. 946, the National Right to Work Act
Featured Policy Letter
Rep. Luke Messer's
letter to step up sanctions on Iran to prevent nuclear proliferation
Have a bill or letter you
would like me to support?
Let me know here .
Honoring Our Veterans
For this Veterans Day, I hosted a Special Order on the House floor to provide an opportunity for members of Congress to recognize and honor the men and women who selflessly serve our country. I honored two soldiers I served with who ultimately lost their lives in Iraq:
Maj. John Pryor
Staff Sgt. James McNaughton
Click here to watch
If you or a veteran you know needs help securing earned benefits
or has any other trouble dealing with the VA, my office is here to help.
Contact me at
www.wenstrup.house.gov/contact
and we'll work to get you or the veteran you know the needed help.
High School Visits
Recently, I visited Piketon and Waverly high schools and spoke to the students about civic duty, public service, and events in Washington, D.C., followed by a question and answer session. At both schools, the students were knowledgeable about the issues facing our country and interested in ways they can help lead our country back in the right direction.
Are you a student and want me to stop by your class?
Tweet me at
@RepBradWenstrup
Coffee with your Congressman
Since July, I have held five "Coffees with your Congressman" at local businesses throughout the district. These events provide me an opportunity
to listen to you, as well as update you on what is happening in Washington, D.C.
Stay tuned. I'll be hosting coffees in Hamilton, Adams, and Brown counties in the next few weeks.
Staying Connected
From Portsmouth to North College Hill and Ripley to Hillsboro, I've been touring local main streets, visiting community leaders, police and fire stations, and local businesses.
The Second Congressional District is a diverse area covering urban, rural, and suburban neighborhoods and towns. As your representative, my goal is to make each of your main streets my main priority.
Do not hesitate to contact me or my staff:
Ohio Office: (513) 474-7777
Washington D.C.: (202) 225-3164
www.Wenstrup.House.gov
On a Personal Note: It's a Boy!
Monica and I welcomed Brad Robert Wenstrup, Jr. into the world Saturday morning, weighing 6 pounds, 15
ounces.
I can fully understand, even more than I did before, the need to not only protect and defend, but to nurture and provide for one that follows us. Monica and I have always felt called to try to leave the world at least a little better than we found it. Brad renews that commitment for us.
I missed a few votes on November 12th and 13th in order to spend time with my family, and will be submitting how I would have voted to the official Congressional Record.
Constituent Survey
Do you think Obamacare
should be delayed or defunded?
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Connect:
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
1223 Longworth H.O.B.
Washington, DC 20515
P:
(202) 225-3164
F:
(202) 225-1992
HAMILTON COUNTY OFFICE
7954 Beechmont Ave, Suite 200
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 474-7777
F:
(513) 605-1377
PEEBLES OFFICE
170 North Main St.
Peebles, OH 45660
P:
(513) 605-1380
F:
(937) 798-4024
UNION TOWNSHIP OFFICE
4350 Aicholtz Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45255
P:
(513) 605-1389
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here