
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Thank a Veteran This Veterans
Day
Dear Friends:
I did not serve in the Vietnam Warthe last U.S
ground troops were departing South Vietnam in August 1972 just as I was
completing Army basic training.
I finished my two-year
enlistment in 1974 and came back home to enroll as a student at the University
of Colorado.
I remember sitting in class one day when the subject of
Americas involvement in the Vietnam War came up.
One student argued
that the only ones who allowed themselves to be drafted and sent to
Vietnam were too dumb to know how to avoid military
service.
Sadly, this sentiment
was shared by many in the anti-war movement.
Many of
those who avoided being drafted into military service during Vietnam
looked down on those who went willingly.
As the American people
became increasingly divided over the War in Vietnam, they also became
divided about supporting those who fought in the war.
Too many
Vietnam vets were never welcomed home and thanked for their
sacrifices.
Today, the
deep level of respect the American people have for those who have
served our country in the military is heartening.
Even during the
height of the politically divisive Iraq War, Americans have been united
in their respect for those who have served.
They also feel a
profound sense of responsibility to take care of our Iraq and Afghanistan
veterans after they came
home.
We must never again forget to
appreciate the sacrifices of those who have served our nation in uniform.
Veterans Day is a great day to thank all our nations veterans.
Sincerely,
Mike Coffman
U.S. Representative
If you would like to sign
up to receive regular email updates from Mike, please visit
this link
$ 17,336,175,644,321
Share on
Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
Congress turns up
the heat on VA
By Frank Konkel
FCW.com
Published November 4,
2013
The congressional investigation into the
Department of Veterans Affairs IT security protocols has ramped up after
VA officials gave inconsistent explanations for at least nine
state-sponsored
data breaches
since 2010 that
potentially put at risk the private information of more than 20 million
veterans and their families.
The House Veterans Affairs
Committee has directed six formal inquiries to VA's Office of Information and
Technology since Oct. 23, totaling more than 100 predominantly
yes-or-no questions concerning routine IT security practices and standards
mandated by federal law, including the
Federal Information
Security Management Act (FISMA).
Rep.
Mike
Coffman
(R-Colo.), chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations, demanded VA responses to all six inquiries by Nov.
14.
VA's recent track record for responding to congressional
inquiries has been poor. According to one Capitol Hill official familiar with
the investigation, VA has 111 outstanding information requests dating
back to June 2012.
The
latest batch
stems from revelations that multiple actors have
compromised VA computer networks since March 2010, with VA officials
unable to determine what information was exposed because the agency
failed to comply with FISMA.
Some of the apparently-breached
systems contained unencrypted personally identifiable information
regarding veterans and their dependents. Committee Chairman Jeff Miller
(R-Fla.) and ranking Democrat Mike Michaud of Maine called that a
"disturbing revelation" in
a letter
to VA
Secretary Eric Shinseki after a June 4 hearing that saw VA officials provide
conflicting information about the degree and nature of the
breaches.
A source within VA OIT told FCW that no veteran's
personally identifiable information, such as names or Social Security numbers,
was exfiltrated during any intrusion attempts.
The
source, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the only compromised data
appears to be "domain server information" that resulted in "somebody
swiping IP [addresses] and passwords for system administrators, which
resulted in immediate shutdown."
"There are intrusions and
there are intrusion attempts. Not all intrusion attempts result in a
breach of data," the source said, attributing some of Congress' renewed
investigatory vigor to a miscommunication of
definitions.
"This is no repeat of the 2006 incident," the source added. In
that incident , someone stole a VA laptop from a VA
employee's home. The theft potentially exposed personal information, cost
the agency tens of millions of dollars and led to the creation of the
VA's Data Breach Core Team, which investigates data breaches and
determines whether the agency will offer credit monitoring services to
veterans in suspected breaches. The agency offered credit monitoring to
16,000 veterans in 2012, but a breach of every veterans' personal data
could cost the agency hundreds of millions of dollars in credit
monitoring alone, the source said.
Congress' dogged interest has
created a "stressed environment" within OIT, where only about 20 of
its 8,000 employees are compiling responses to the inquiries, according
to the source. Many questions posed by Congress to VA contain
sub-questions or require documentation, "making it more like 500 or 600
questions." The source said the agency is tackling the easier questions
first in an effort to respond by the approaching
deadline.
The source said the inquiries have added turmoil to a department that
recently returned half its workforce from
government shutdown
and has a history of
well-documented problems .
"It's another full-time job for a lot of
folks, and the anticipation in submitting these questions is that it
will beget more and they'll come back until they get a 'gotcha,'" the
source said.
The Hill official familiar with the probe says
the intention is not to burden the agency but to get answers to
questions that should not be unfamiliar to any large IT organization. "These
inquiries aren't meant to create extra work for VA. They are meant to
make sure the agency is adhering to the laws, standards and
guidelines they should already be doing," the Hill source
said.
VA
did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
Veterans Agency Under Fire
for Excessive Conference Spending
By:
Mark Stricherz
TheColoradoObserver
Published:
November 5,
2013
WASHINGTON
More than a year after
the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs was found to have spent at least
$6 million for two conferences at a high-end Florida resort, the
agency has failed to carry out half of the recommendations Congress asked
it to undertake.
The
agencys mortal sin in the eyes of lawmakers has been failing to
publish and disseminate a handbook that would tell employees which items
they are allowed and not allowed to purchase.
The VA had said it would publish the manual last
spring and summer, according to a report from the agencys inspector
general.
The delay has
prompted exhortations from members of the House Committee on Oversight
and Government Reform to step up its pace.
We see this as the urgency of now, Rep. Elijah
Cummings of Maryland, the ranking Democrat on the House Committee on
Oversight and Government Reform, said last
Wednesday.
A spokeswoman for VA did not return a
phone call for comment.
Every dollar wasted on lavish conferences, which are no more than
vacations at the taxpayers expense, by the VA is a dollar not being
spent on caring for our veterans, said Rep.
Mike
Coffman
(R-Aurora), a Marine Corps combat veteran.
My subcommittee will continue working with
the VA to make sure that these excessive expenditures on conferences
have stopped so that our tax dollars are going for our veterans, said
Coffman, who is Chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs
Subcommittee on
Oversight and
Investigations.
Coffmans likely Democratic opponent in
2014, Andrew Romanoff, did not return two phone
calls.
The agencys budget for conferences
has attracted the notice of Congress as well. According to a report
from the Republican staff members of the House Oversight panel, spending
rose to $79 million last year to $35 million in
2008.
VA officials have acknowledged they
had not been diligent stewards of taxpayer dollars for two conferences
for 1,800 of its 4,000 human-resource employees in July and August of
2011 at the World Center Marriott in Orlando,
Fla.
Last September, the agencys inspector
general concluded that while the employee training conferences had been
for legitimate purposes, the VA had spent $762,000 in taxpayer dollars
that had been unauthorized, unnecessary, or
wasteful.
Eleven VA officials who helped
organize the conference were found to have accepted gifts improperly from
government contractors or potential contractors. One officials haul
was notable.
Jolisa
Dudley, an executive assistant in the personnel office, was found to have
accepted a $115 massage, a $76 stretch limo ride, and a $110
helicopter tour of a prospective site for the
conferences.
The agencys oversight at the conferences
were not deemed to be more careful. According to the House Oversight
Committee report, many VA employees skipped all or parts of the
training sessions to attend local tourist attractions, including Walt Disney
World Resort, also known as Disney World, which is less than two miles
away.
Several VA
officials resigned in the wake of the scandal. Those officials include
John U. Sepulveda, the assistant secretary for human resources and John
R. Gingrich, the chief of staff to Secretary Eric K.
Shinseki.
The VAs inspector general
recommended the agency undertake 49 steps to account for its use of
taxpayer money more effectively. Twenty six have not been completed
fully.
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone:
(720) 748-7514
Fax: (720)
748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
