
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
BANCROFT OPENING, BIG NEWS &ndash; AND OF COURSE &ndash; BRAD PITT
The official ribbon cutting in front of Bancroft School Apartments in Kansas City
There are a few times when you see smiles all around, and the official ribbon cutting of the Bancroft School Apartments was one of them. It has been a long time coming, but finally, it came. We cut the ribbon, signifying the opening of the new Bancroft School Apartments at 4300 Tracy. The revitalization of Kansas City&rsquo;s Green Impact Zone, a 150 square block in the urban core, continues, and this day marks a huge step forward.
Congressman Cleaver addresses a packed auditorium at the opening
As neighborhood leaders and residents, city, state, and federal officials, architects, private business men and women, and even Brad Pitt (via video) gathered to celebrate, the atmosphere was festive as the future continues to brighten.
Actor and Make It Right Founder Brad Pitt congratulates Kansas City on Bancroft opening
The repurposing of the old and abandoned Bancroft School building is almost complete. It will be a place for people to live, work, and play, in the safety and peace of a neighborhood on the move. Strengthening housing opportunities, and communities as a whole, is something that helps us all.
This building now houses an auditorium, a health clinic, a theater, gym facilities, a technology lab, a police foot patrol office, and a community garden.
Architect Tim Duggan shows Congressman Cleaver and KC Mayor Sly James through Bancroft
Most importantly, it offers 50 top of the line, affordable, LEED Platinum, newly renovated apartments, where families will live, grow, and prosper.
Brad Pitt joined the celebration with a special video message. He also has something to say about the Kansas City Chiefs &ndash; a team our Missouri man has clearly been following. To view the video, please visit my website:
http://cleaver.house.gov/ .
HONORING THOSE WHO HAVE GIVEN SO MUCH
Veterans Day.
It is such an important day each year to stop and reflect. It is a day that means so much to those who have sacrificed for our country, and those who enjoy the freedoms of those sacrifices.
Congressman Cleaver addresses the crowd at the Vietnam Wall in Kansas City
This Veterans Day, as I visited the Liberty Memorial, Truman Library, and the Vietnam Wall in Kansas City, I hoped to express not only my appreciation, but our duty, to keep our commitments to those who have served our country.
Congressman Cleaver applauds during the letter presentation at the Vietnam Wall on Veterans Day
Every generation and every sector of our great nation is represented by veterans. They come from different economic backgrounds, religious affiliations, and races, but they share an unwavering love of country.
Congressman Cleaver joins other officials at Truman Library to honor veterans
It was also a time to utter a special word of remembrance for Congressman Ike Skelton. We continue to mourn the loss of one of our last Statesman. Ike was an honorable Congressman, respected by family, colleagues, friends, veterans, and even those who had never met him. He loved serving the men and women of the military, and was, indeed, a warrior&rsquo;s advocate.
Different WWI uniforms are displayed on Veterans Day at Liberty Memorial
At the Liberty Memorial, we have lost our World War I Centennial Commission Chair. In our communities, our state, and our country, we have lost so much more.
Congressman Cleaver autographs the Wounded Warrior Car
It is now, and will always be, our responsibility to honor &ndash; and to serve &ndash; those in uniform, and that commitment extends to their families as well. We must support them during all phases of their service, including their return home. This includes expanding the level of assistance for the wounded and making sure they are taken care of physically, mentally, and emotionally, as they work to transition from military service to civilian life.
AN EARMARK BY ANY OTHER NAME&hellip;
With great vexation, but with a deep understanding of the need for water development projects throughout our nation, I recently voted for H.R. 3080. This is the Water Resources Reform and Development Act, often referred to as WRRDA. Overall, this is an important bill, make no mistake about that.
My frustration is that it has within it, 23 (give or take) earmarks. And none of them are in Jackson, Clay, Saline, Ray, or Lafayette Counties. You may not see these projects claim the title of earmarks in the media, but do not be fooled: an earmark by any other name will be spent just as sweetly. I have been told by House Leadership that the 23 projects used to be called earmarks, before earmarks were prohibited. But they have now been &ndash; transformed. I am not persuaded.
That&rsquo;s like cutting off the tail of an alligator, clipping some paper mache ears to his head and saying, &ldquo;This used to be an alligator, but now it&rsquo;s a puppy.&rdquo;
Earmarks have been banned for years now, but they remain. They are now masquerading as angelic government. With that transformation, though, they are away from the inspection and evaluation of the taxpayer. For example, there was an earmark in the debt ceiling deal. It was a $2.1 billion authorization of funds for the Olmsted Dam Project in Kentucky.
I am not upset that Sen. Mitch McConnell was able to get this project funded, but I would like to get $2.1 billion earmarked for the Translational Project, which is being proposed in my district.
Please don&rsquo;t miss my point. I am not against earmarks. I have spoken in favor of them many times. What I am against, is this maze of political smoke and mirrors, that allows some areas to prosper from the newly named &lsquo;approval-worthy projects&rsquo;, while Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District doesn&rsquo;t get funding for projects we need and deserve.
All duly-elected representatives of the people should have the same ability to work on behalf of our district, not simply the most senior or significant in status.
The public has been intentionally misinformed by some in this process, both pundits and politicians, that earmarks increase the deficit. Sometimes voters are so afraid of being taken in that they are vulnerable to being left out.
Contrary to what the public has been told by some, for instance, there&rsquo;s no such thing as a &ldquo;bridge to nowhere&rdquo;. There is, however, a proposed Gravina Island Bridge. This bridge, if constructed, would replace the ferry that connects 50 residents of the islands to the Ketchikan International Airport. If your grandma is one of the residents there, and needs to get to the hospital, you might also agree that it&rsquo;s a good project. Or you might think it is a project that costs too much money. But the debate should be transparent, truthful, and complete with facts.
Before the earmark ban, in our own area, federal funding, in the way of earmarks, has been used to help victims of rape. Earmarks have been used for youth crime prevention programs. Earmarks have been used to implement job training programs. And earmarks have been used to rehabilitate the Harry S. Truman National Historic Site and the dazzling Kit Bond Bridge.
The public is never told by those who don&rsquo;t like earmarks that when their representative is forbidden from fighting for them, the Administration then gets that responsibility. There is no reason to believe that President Barack Obama, as smart as I know he is, understands better than I, the needs of Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District.
It frustrates me to no end, that for some inside the Washington Beltway, Missouri is often considered &ldquo;flyover&rdquo; America. Territory that is likely to be &lsquo;forgotten&rsquo; if there isn&rsquo;t someone fighting for it.
Please understand that the Constitution grants Congress the power of the purse, and because the American public has been denied a public discussion on the matter of earmarks, this power has shifted to the President, and whoever is in the White House.
I want to be allowed to get in the ring and advocate strongly for the best interests of Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District. I don&rsquo;t want politics and slight of hand to keep us from moving forward with projects we need here for our economic growth, stability, and safety. An earmark by any other name &ndash; is still an earmark.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
(660) 584-7373 (phone)
(660) 584-7227 (fax)
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
