DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
November 8, 2013
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Greetings from the 19th
Dear Friend,
As we head into Veterans Day weekend, this provides us a moment to stop and reflect on the incredible and enduring sacrifices our veterans have made on behalf of our nation.
Ive been fortunate to spend much of this week
and will spend much of the next few days
at events honoring veterans around the 19th District.
From Edmeston to Marlboro, schools have held remarkable and moving programs, allowing veterans to tell their stories to a younger generation.
Im grateful to have been a part of them.
This weekend, Ill be in Woodbourne at a parade to honor veterans on Saturday.
On Sunday, Ill start with a breakfast at the Brunswick Elks Lodge, then a veterans lunch in Bloomingburg, and finally the Marine Corps birthday dinner in Livingston.
On Monday, Veterans Day, Im attending a memorial ceremony in Stamford in the morning and then the dedication of the Columbia Greene Community College Veterans Lounge
an important hub for local veterans to connect and get resources and assistance.
That afternoon, Ill be at Mariners Harbor in Kingston for their Veterans Day Dinner and then finally at the Mohawk Battalion Alumni Hall of Fame Event at Siena College, where I attended ROTC during my time in college.
In Congress, I have had the privilege of working on legislative initiatives that help our veterans.
Notably, weve made important progress on an issue critical to our Vietnam veterans.
I am fighting to extend coverage for Agent Orange related diseases to our Blue Water Navy veterans and the House passed legislation to help in this regard.
My bill, the Blue Water Navy Ship Accountability Act was incorporated into H.R. 2189, which passed the House 404-1.
It would require a comprehensive search to determine which ships are eligible for coverage under current law, reducing the unacceptable wait time and backlog when new claims are filed. This would help Veterans who are currently sick or, in some cases, have died and claims are being made by their surviving families.
Moving forward, Ill be continuing to champion the underlying cause, H.R. 543, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act of 2013.
This would grant presumptive Agent Orange exposure status to US servicemembers who served in the territorial seas off Vietnam during the Vietnam War.
Presumptive coverage would enable eligible veterans to receive Veterans Affairs benefits if they suffer from any of the diseases the U.S. government has linked to Agent Orange.
Separately, in July, as part of my work with the bipartisan No Labels, I introduced legislation to ensure interoperability between the Department of Defense records system and the Veterans Affairs records system.
Again, this initiative is part of a longer-term fix, and would enable more efficient and effective delivery of veterans health care.
The Senate is considering their National Defense Authorization Act in coming weeks, and Im hopeful that, like the House, they will include interoperability provisions in their bill so we can enact it into law by the end of the year.
Aside from those two initiatives, the House has advanced a number of other bills important to veterans.
You can read more about this legislation
here .
Without question, we must do everything we can to get our nations veterans the benefits they earned serving our nation, and I am honored to be fighting on behalf of our servicemembers.
To all those who served this Veterans Day, thank you.
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
Times Herald Record :
Take a Veteran to School in Marlboro
Mid Hudson News :
Gibson Visits Third Generation Family Business in Monticello
Times Union :
Rep. Gibson Tours Pantry
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
My Committees
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1708 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5614
F (202) 225-1168
Click Here Click Here