
NOVEMBER 4, 2013
http://guthrie.house.gov
Dear Friends,
As you read this, I am back in Kentucky holding meetings in my district office, visiting with students and providing updates on the latest activity in Washington. Im looking forward to telling you about my latest efforts to grow our economy and push forward a pro-jobs agenda.
Congressman Guthrie visited the WWII Memorial on Thursday, October 24, to welcome Kentucky veterans to Washington and their memorial. These brave men and women gave so much and it was a great honor for me to welcome them to their memorial, said Congressman Guthrie.
On Monday, October 28 th , I introduced
H.R. 3355, the Reducing Employer Burdens, Unleashing Innovation, and Labor Development (REBUILD) Act of 2013 . H.R. 3355 is comprised of a top 10 list of policy priorities which would stimulate production and increase our global competitiveness. Specifically, the bill includes reforms related to the following issues: workforce training, the R&amp;D tax credit, comprehensive tax reform, federal oil and gas resources, EPA regulations, the repeal of Obamacare, health insurance portability, renewal of trade promotion authority, export controls and opening up more spectrum for industry.
You can read the full bill text
here , track the bills progress
here
and watch for updates on my
Facebook
page. Having worked at my familys manufacturing business in Bowling Green, I know a strong manufacturing base is instrumental to turning the U.S. economy around and putting Americans back to work. I also understand first-hand understand how federal policies can encourage or stifle innovation and job creation.
Im looking forward to talking with my colleagues and encouraging them to join me in this effort to restore American innovation and boost our global competitiveness.
The work to restore economic prosperity doesnt stop there. Every business owner I meet with tells me Obamacare is crippling their potential due to uncertainty, which is why its repeal is a key tenet of the REBUILD Act. Now, more than ever, there seems to be an endless list of questions surrounding President Obamas health care law.
One of the
latest revelations
came from NBC News. Their article reports that 50 to 75 percent of the 14 million consumers who buy their insurance individually can expect to receive a cancellation letter or the equivalent over the next year because their existing policies dont meet the standards mandated by the new health care law.
This is hardly news to me, or the millions of Americans who have already seen their health care plans drop coverage. This is a real problem and only the beginning of why this law needs to be
repealed
and replaced with commonsense reforms that actually address the skyrocketing cost of health care.
On Wednesday, October 30 th , my colleagues and I had an opportunity to question Sec. Sebelius during a hearing in the House Energy and Commerce Committee. Hitting on this and several other points, Sec. Sebelius was forced to answer our tough questions. The fact of the matter is that Obamacare is a train wreck and its implementation has been a disaster.
I highlighted the fact that the broken website has already caused delays in those trying to sign up for coverage, and that many Americans who apply on time may not receive coverage because of the growing backlog.
You can see my questioning of Secretary Sebelius
here .
Congressman Guthrie speaks with one of the Honor Flight veterans at the WWII memorial. They discussed the surrounding memorials,
memories from WWII and veterans services.
Before I sign off, I wanted to take a moment to thank Honor Flight and everyone who made their recent trip to Washington with Kentucky WWII veterans possible. These brave men and women gave so much and it was a great honor for me to welcome them to their memorial.
Do you, or a young person you know, want to serve our nation like these heroes? Have you considered seeking a Congressional nomination to one of the five U.S. Service Academies? The Army, Navy, Air Force, Coast Guard, and Merchant Marine academies are all excellent institutions for higher education and training. As the representative of Kentuckys Second District, each year I have the distinct honor and privilege of nominating a limited number of people to our nations service academies. The deadline for all nomination applications (and evaluation forms) is around the corner
Friday, November 15. Please be sure to visit my
website
for more information on the application process or contact my Bowling Green office with questions at 270-842-9896.
Please know it is an honor and my pleasure to represent Kentuckys Second District. I encourage you to visit my website for more information on the REBUILD Act, or other issues of importance to you. Because I value your input, I encourage you to
e-mail me
with any questions you may have.
Sincerely,
BRETT GUTHRIE
Member of Congress
P.S. Are you following me on
Facebook ? "Like" my page today and join my online community!
Web Survey
What component of the REBUILD Act do you think is most important in boosting American manufacturing and regaining our competitive edge?
Tell a Friend
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Contact Information
Washington DC Office
308 Cannon HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3501
Fax: (202) 226-2019
Bowling Green Office
1001 Center St., Suite 300
Bowling Green, KY 42101
Phone: (270) 842-9896
Fax: (270) 842-9081
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here