DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
November 22, 2013
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
| Share on:
Today marks the 50 th
anniversary of United States President John F. Kennedys assassination.
On Friday, November 22, 1963, at approximately 12:30 p.m, Kennedy was fatally shot by a sniper while traveling with his wife Jacqueline in a presidential motorcade outside of Dealey Plaza in Dallas.
This tragedy greatly impacted our country as one of our darkest moments in our nations history.
I had the privilege to attend the 50 th
Anniversary Memorial Service for John F. Kennedy in Dealey Plaza. The service honored Kennedy by celebrating his life, and it mourned his death as a tragedy we will never forget. I am grateful to North Texas for organizing such a moving service to reflect upon this day in our nations history.
Where Were You?
There are moments in American History that we will never forget. Unfortunately, tragedies are often the most memorable. Every generation has a defining moment that shook the foundation of our country.
Whether it was the market crash of 1929, attack on Pearl Harbor, or 9/11
we can all vividly recall our place in time when our nation experienced such a tragedy.
For my generation, the assassination of President John F. Kennedy was a moment that left a lasting impression on all of us.
On November 22, 1963, I was in class at DeWitt Perry Middle School in Carrollton when my principal called on the students to gather in the auditorium where we heard the news. On this solemn 50 th
anniversary, I revisited my middle school to remind myself of that dark day in history. As a nation, it is important for us to remind ourselves of these tragedies so we never take our country for granted.
Where were you on November 22, 1963? Please feel free to visit my
Facebook page
and share your story.
Click to Connect with Kenny
With Weekly Updates from Washington &amp; the 24th District.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or e-mail me at
www.marchant.house.gov/contact .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
