 .
About Jerry
Services
Newsroom
Issues
Legislation
Kansas
Connect
COMING UP
Open Office Hours
Wednesday, Nov. 20
9:45-10:30 a.m.
Oswego City Hall
Oswego
Thursday, Nov. 21
10:30-11:30 a.m.
Chautauqua County Farm Bureau
Sedan
1-2 p.m.
Independence City Hall
Independence
Friday, Nov. 22
1:15-2:15 p.m.
Lecompton Community Building
Lecompton
1000th Town Hall
Monday, Nov. 25
11:30 a.m.-1 p.m.
Marion Community Center Ballroom
Marion
U.S. Senate Roll Call Votes 113th Congress
To see how I voted last week, click here
.
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click the buttons below to
keep in touch with me via
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
facebook f
____ _ ___
Kansas Common Sense
November 18, 2013
Dear Friend,
Welcome to "Kansas Common Sense." Thank you for your continued interest
in receiving my weekly newsletter. Please feel free to forward it on to
your family and friends if it would interest them.
Obamacare Causing Millions of Health Insurance Cancellations
On Thursday, President Obama announced his plan to address the more
than four million health insurance cancellations caused by Obamacare.
Contrary to the President's often stated promise that no one would lose
his or her health plan under this law, the unfortunate reality is many
more Americans have lost their health insurance than have enrolled in
coverage under Obamacare. Under the President's new executive mandate,
insurers could continue to offer existing individual policies, which
are set to be cancelled at the end of this year due to the law, through
2014. This option will be subject to the approval of insurance
regulators in each state. The announcement comes a day after the
Administration reported that only around 106,000 individuals signed up
for health coverage in the Obamacare exchanges as of November 2, 2013.
These figures are well short of Administration's goal of having 500,000
sign-ups during this time. There are many concerns surrounding the
legality and uncertainty of the President's executive "fix" for this
matter, and at this stage I don't believe anything the President is
doing will solve the problems Americans are facing.
The President cannot snap his fingers and make all the problems with
this defective law go away. Obamacare's problems run much deeper than
website problems and implementation. The true issue is the flawed
underlying basis for the provisions of the law: the idea that the
government must determine what coverage is acceptable for Americans,
regardless of what Americans want. Rather than working with Congress on
a solution, the President again wants to issue an executive mandate in
an attempt to give Democrats political cover for next year's elections.
The President needs to stop prioritizing political damage control over
real policy solutions while millions of Americans are losing their
health insurance due to his broken promise. Click here
to see my remarks on the U.S. Senate
Floor about the real-world consequences one Kansas couple is facing due
to Obamacare.
McConnell Air Force Base Environmental
Impact Study Public Hearing
On Tuesday, the Wichita Community held a successful public hearing in
support of McConnell Air Force Base to make certain it is the new home
of the KC-46A. McConnell's selection by the U.S. Air Force as the
Preferred Alternative for the Main Operating Base of KC-46A Tankers
codifies what Kansans already know-we are and will continue to be the
Supertanker base for the nation. I'm encouraged that the Environmental
Impact Study is well underway, collecting data and relevant information
to shine a light on all McConnell has to offer, including the great
work that has already begun to plan for the transition from KC-135s to
KC-46As. I trust the analysis from this study will confirm that
McConnell is best suited for this mission from an operational and
environmental perspective, affirming McConnell's excellent scoring that
occurred during the basing selection process. The hearing on Tuesday
night demonstrated the strong beliefs and principles Kansans embrace to
support our military.
It is vital that the Air Force finish this important selection process
and identify McConnell as the Main Operating Base for the KC-46A. As
recent as last week, the Air Force indicated the KC-46A program was in
jeopardy due to the government shutdown and a lapse in appropriations.
I will continue to work with Air Force leadership to make certain this
program remains a top priority for implementation and delivery of
tankers to McConnell in 2016. In fact, I'm meeting with the Commander
for Air Mobility Command, General Paul Selva, this week and will visit
with him about the importance of this mission and the Air Force
programming to see it through.
A special thanks to the Friends of McConnell, Wichita Chamber and many
others for all the hard work that went into this event. Click here
to see my video message expressing support
for McConnell.
Hearing of Janet Yellen, Nominee for Chairman of the Federal Reserve
Board
Last month, President Obama nominated Federal Reserve Board Vice Chair
Janet Yellen to replace Ben Bernanke as Federal Reserve Chairman. On
Thursday, the Senate Banking Committee conducted a hearing on her
nomination. Prior to the hearing, I had an opportunity to sit down with
Vice Chair Yellen where we discussed the Federal Reserve's ongoing
monthly bond buying program - quantitative easing and other topics
including bank supervision, Dodd-Frank implementation, and
international capital standards for banks known as Basel III. While she
has rich experience and is clearly knowledgeable about our national
economy, I continue to have concerns about the direction Vice Chair
Yellen will lead the Federal Reserve should she be confirmed. As
seniors and working adults look at the performance of their retirement
accounts, continued low interest rates resulting from quantitative
easing has slowed the growth of those accounts considerably while
exposing our economy to increasing inflation risks. I am also worried
about how the Federal Reserve will continue to treat the hundreds of
community banks they are tasked with supervising under new leadership.
I have submitted several questions and look forward to hearing Vice
Chair Yellen's response in the coming days. I expect this nomination
will be considered by the Senate Banking Committee during a hearing
this week. In the meantime, I welcome your input as I weigh Vice Chair
Yellen's nomination.
Senate Consideration of Compounding Pharmacy Legislation
Today, the Senate passed H.R. 3204, the Drug Quality and Security Act,
legislation to clarify the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's
oversight of compounding pharmacies and establish a prescription drug
track and trace system. The House of Representatives passed this bill
unanimously at the end of September, and now it will go to the
President to be signed into law.
Pharmacists play an important role in the delivery of health care in
our communities. This is especially true in Kansas and other rural
states, where the local pharmacist is often the most accessible health
care provider in a community. Drug compounding is a process where a
pharmacist combines, mixes or alters ingredients to create a medication
tailored to the needs of an individual patient. Traditionally,
compounded medications are made in response to an individual
prescription from a licensed health care provider in the context of a
pharmacist's and that provider's professional relationship with a
specific patient. Compounding provides patients access to alternatives
to standard commercially-manufactured drugs when these drugs do not
meet the unique medical needs of a patient or are unavailable due to
shortages. The objective of the Drug Quality and Security Act is to
address gaps in the oversight and safety of compounded medications
following the deadly fungal meningitis outbreak that began last year.
Additionally, this bill will implement a system to enable drugs to be
traced from the manufacturer through the distribution system to prevent
counterfeit drugs from entering the market.
Visiting Phillips County Hospital
On Friday, I traveled to Phillipsburg to tour the Phillips County
Hospital (PCH). I always appreciate the opportunity to learn more about
the challenges health care providers are encountering in the delivery
of health care in Kansas communities. PCH is a critical access hospital
that provides a wide range of health services to North Central Kansas
residents, such as emergency, cardiac rehabilitation, oncology,
radiology, surgery, rehabilitation, laboratory and nutritional
services. PCH also operates clinics in Phillipsburg and Logan. This
year marks PCH's 60th year serving patients in Phillips County.
While touring the hospital, I learned more about the partnership
between the City of Phillipsburg and PCH to construct and operate the
Phillipsburg Aquatic Facility (PAF) enabling the hospital to provide
aquatic therapy to patients. Before the PAF was built in 2012, the
nearest option for this particular therapy was 30 miles from
Phillipsburg. Recognizing that providing these services in their own
community would significantly benefit patients and reduce overall
costs, PCH and the city partnered with residents to design and carry
out a plan to support the construction and operation of the facility.
The PAF includes a large outdoor pool and an indoor therapy and
exercise pool, which can accommodate up to 15 patients at one time.
This initiative is a great example of what community leaders and
residents can achieve when they work together to improve the health of
their community.
As a member of the Senate Appropriations health subcommittee, it is
valuable for me to visit Kansas hospitals and talk with health care
providers to fully understand how they utilize resources to care for
patients and support their communities. Thank you to Rhonda Kellerman
for coordinating my visit. Click here
to see a
photo of me with Dr. Ben Stephenson, one of two physicians serving
Phillips County.
Joining
Aspiring Entrepreneurs at Startup Weekend Hays
On Friday, I joined entrepreneurial students and community members at
the first ever Hays Startup Weekend hosted by Fort Hays State
University's (FHSU) College of Business and Entrepreneurship. Startup
Weekend is a global startup based in Seattle, Washington, with the goal
of bringing together individuals to build startup companies over the
course of a weekend. During my remarks, I thanked participants for
their willingness to pursue ideas and also shared my thoughts on the
value of entrepreneurs to our economy now and throughout our state's
history. Research from the Kauffman Foundation shows that new companies
are responsible for nearly all net new job creation between 1980 and
2005, and startup companies create roughly three million jobs annually.
Congrats to all the students and participants on a successful weekend.
Special thanks to Mark Bannister for inviting me to participate, to
Henry Schwaller for organizing the event, and to FHSU alumnus Dylan
Bathurst for traveling from Las Vegas to share his story of
entrepreneurship with the participants. Click here
to see a
photo from the event. Click here
to learn more about my legislation,
Startup Act 3.0, in this Wichita Business Journal piece that will make
it easier for entrepreneurs to start businesses.
Israel Action Forum
On Sunday, I joined Kansans in Overland Park for the 2013 Israel Action
Forum. Israel is one of our nation's closest allies and the ties
between our two countries are deep and strong. At the event, I
participated in a discussion with Senator Pat Roberts about Iran's
nuclear program. U.S. and international sanctions have been effective
in bringing Iran to the negotiating table but have so far failed in
their real goal, which is to compel Iran to abandon its nuclear
program. President Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry have
expressed hope that a deal can be reached with Iran, but two rounds of
negotiations this fall have failed to yield an agreement. Meanwhile, as
negotiators talk, Iran's centrifuges keep spinning. Secretary Kerry
briefed me last week about the negotiations with Iran, and I believe
the United States and our partners should not trade away sanctions
while allowing Iran to continue its pursuit of nuclear weapons. Special
thanks to Kansas City Israel Action Co-Chairs Lisa Bernard and Carol
Katzman, Council Chair Bonnie Siegel, Rob and Miriam Glueck, and Audrey
Asher.
Visiting Stockton
Over the weekend in Northwest Kansas, I stopped in Stockton and enjoyed
visiting with Kansans at the Rooks County Courthouse, post office,
public library, Stockton National Bank, K-State Extension Office,
Webster's Supermarket and Shirley May's Deli. Thanks for the good dose
of Kansas common sense.
Celebrating the Life of Patricia Felts
This week, I was saddened to learn the passing of Patricia "Patt"
Felts. On Friday, I joined friends and family in celebrating Patt's
life at her funeral service at SS Philip and James Catholic Church in
Phillipsburg. Patt was a kind and caring person, loving mother and wife
and devoted member of her church. I have been honored to call her
devoted husband of 59 years, Tad, my longtime friend. Patt also leaves
behind two sons, Gregg of Houston and Marc of Junction City. Robba and
I extend our deepest sympathies and prayers to Patt's entire family and
friends during this difficult time.
In the Office
Last week we had several visitors in the Washington, D.C., office,
including the Kansans listed below:
Autism Speaks
Kari Presley of Topeka
Mike Wasmer of Olathe
University of Kansas
Jeffery Vitter of Lawrence
Steve Warren of Lawrence
Joe Heppert of Lawrence
Justice Nancy Moritz
Nancy Moritz of Topeka
Navy League of the United States
Ward Cook of Prairie Village
Kansas City Orthopaedic Institute
Paul Kerens of Leawood
National Association of Insurance and Financial Advisors
Lacie Leatherman of Wichita
Bob Reynolds of Salina
Rhonda Knudson of Great Bend
Kansas Procurement Technical Assistance Centers
Jason Porch of Overland Park
Terri Bennett of Wichita
Eagle Communications
Gary Shorman of Hays
USDA Rural Development
Patty Clark of Topeka
Autism Speaks
Kari Presley of Topeka
Mike Wassmer of Olathe
Kari Presley of Topeka
Kansas Independent College Association and Fund
Ed Leonard of Lindsborg
Matt Lindsey of Topeka
Burger King
Dennis Erickson of Topeka
Jamie Erickson of Topeka
MRI Global
Tom Fleener of Kansas City
Capitol Tour
Carol Moritz of Salina
Sarah Landis of Topeka
Steve Gasper of Salina
Kathleen Gasper of Salina
Rose Morrow of Topeka
Beth Morrow of Topeka
Larry Moritz of Salina
John Mortiz of Hays
Ryan Roe of Topeka
Patricia Clark of Topeka
Michael Corpstein of Tipton
Gregory Belshe of Overland Park
Ethan Belshe of Overland Park
Sophia Belshe of Overland Park
Honored to Serve You in Washington
It is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many
Kansans who have been calling and writing in to share their thoughts
and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate the
words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook
comment or a phone call, who wish to make their voice heard.
Please let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by
email by clicking here
. You can also click here
to contact me through one
of my Kansas offices or my Washington, D.C., office.
Very truly yours,
Jerry
My email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to
send me a message through my website: http://moran.senate.gov
.
To unsubscribe from this newsletter, please click here
.
If
you are having trouble viewing this email, please view it on my
website .
About
Jerry Services Newsroom Issues Legislation Kansas Connect
COMING
UP
Open Office Hours
Wednesday, Nov. 20 9:45-10:30
a.m.
Oswego City Hall Oswego
Thursday,
Nov. 21
10:30-11:30 a.m.
Chautauqua County Farm Bureau
Sedan
1-2 p.m.
Independence City Hall
Independence
Friday, Nov. 22
1:15-2:15
p.m.
Lecompton Community Building
Lecompton
1000th
Town Hall Monday,
Nov. 25 11:30 a.m.-1
p.m. Marion Community
Center Ballroom Marion
U.S.
Senate Roll Call Votes 113th
Congress
To
see how I voted last week,
click
here .
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____ _ ____
____ _ ____
Click
the buttons below to
keep
in touch with me via
Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram.
____
_ ___
Kansas
Common Sense November
18, 2013
Dear
Friend,
Welcome
to &#8220;Kansas Common Sense.&#8221; Thank you for your continued interest in receiving my weekly newsletter.
Please feel free to forward it on to your family and friends if it would interest them.
Obamacare
Causing Millions of Health Insurance Cancellations On Thursday,
President Obama announced his plan to address the more than four million health insurance cancellations
caused by Obamacare. Contrary to the President&#8217;s often stated promise that no one would lose his
or her health plan under this law, the unfortunate reality is many more Americans have lost their health
insurance than have enrolled in coverage under Obamacare. Under the President&#8217;s new executive mandate,
insurers could continue to offer existing individual policies, which are set to be cancelled at the end
of this year due to the law, through 2014. This option will be subject to the approval of insurance regulators
in each state. The announcement comes a day after the Administration reported that only around 106,000
individuals signed up for health coverage in the Obamacare exchanges as of November 2, 2013. These figures
are well short of Administration&#8217;s goal of having 500,000 sign-ups during this time. There are
many concerns surrounding the legality and uncertainty of the President&#8217;s executive &#8220;fix&#8221;
for this matter, and at this stage I don&#8217;t believe anything the President is doing will solve the
problems Americans are facing.
The
President cannot snap his fingers and make all the problems with this defective law go away. Obamacare's
problems run much deeper than website problems and implementation. The true issue is the flawed underlying
basis for the provisions of the law: the idea that the government must determine what coverage is acceptable
for Americans, regardless of what Americans want. Rather than working with Congress on a solution, the
President again wants to issue an executive mandate in an attempt to give Democrats political cover for
next year&#8217;s elections. The President needs to stop prioritizing political damage control over real
policy solutions while millions of Americans are losing their health insurance due to his broken promise.
Click
here
to see my remarks on the U.S. Senate Floor about the
real-world consequences one Kansas couple is facing due to Obamacare.
McConnell Air Force Base Environmental
Impact Study Public Hearing On Tuesday, the Wichita Community
held a successful public hearing in support of McConnell Air Force Base to make certain it is the new
home of the KC-46A. McConnell&#8217;s selection by the U.S. Air Force as the Preferred Alternative for
the Main Operating Base of KC-46A Tankers codifies what Kansans already know&#8212;we are and will continue
to be the Supertanker base for the nation. I&#8217;m encouraged that the Environmental Impact Study is
well underway, collecting data and relevant information to shine a light on all McConnell has to offer,
including the great work that has already begun to plan for the transition from KC-135s to KC-46As. I
trust the analysis from this study will confirm that McConnell is best suited for this mission from an
operational and environmental perspective, affirming McConnell&#8217;s excellent scoring that occurred
during the basing selection process. The hearing on Tuesday night demonstrated the strong beliefs and
principles Kansans embrace to support our military.
It
is vital that the Air Force finish this important selection process and identify McConnell as the Main
Operating Base for the KC-46A. As recent as last week, the Air Force indicated the KC-46A program was
in jeopardy due to the government shutdown and a lapse in appropriations. I will continue to work with
Air Force leadership to make certain this program remains a top priority for implementation and delivery
of tankers to McConnell in 2016. In fact, I&#8217;m meeting with the Commander for Air Mobility Command,
General Paul Selva, this week and will visit with him about the importance of this mission and the Air
Force programming to see it through.
A
special thanks to the Friends of McConnell, Wichita Chamber and many others for all the hard work that
went into this event.
Click
here
to see my video message expressing support for McConnell.
Hearing
of Janet Yellen, Nominee for Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board
Last
month, President Obama nominated Federal Reserve Board Vice Chair Janet Yellen to replace Ben Bernanke
as Federal Reserve Chairman. On Thursday, the Senate Banking Committee conducted a hearing on her nomination.
Prior to the hearing, I had an opportunity to sit down with Vice Chair Yellen where we discussed the
Federal Reserve&#8217;s ongoing monthly bond buying program &#8212; quantitative easing and other topics
including bank supervision, Dodd-Frank implementation, and international capital standards for banks
known as Basel III. While she has rich experience and is clearly knowledgeable about our national economy,
I continue to have concerns about the direction Vice Chair Yellen will lead the Federal Reserve should
she be confirmed. As seniors and working adults look at the performance of their retirement accounts,
continued low interest rates resulting from quantitative easing has slowed the growth of those accounts
considerably while exposing our economy to increasing inflation risks. I am also worried about how the
Federal Reserve will continue to treat the hundreds of community banks they are tasked with supervising
under new leadership. I have submitted several questions and look forward to hearing Vice Chair Yellen&#8217;s
response in the coming days. I expect this nomination will be considered by the Senate Banking Committee
during a hearing this week. In the meantime, I welcome your input as I weigh Vice Chair Yellen's nomination.
Senate
Consideration of Compounding Pharmacy Legislation Today,
the Senate passed H.R. 3204, the Drug Quality and Security Act, legislation to clarify the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration&#8217;s oversight of compounding pharmacies and establish a prescription drug
track and trace system. The House of Representatives passed this bill unanimously at the end of September,
and now it will go to the President to be signed into law.
Pharmacists
play an important role in the delivery of health care in our communities. This is especially true in
Kansas and other rural states, where the local pharmacist is often the most accessible health care provider
in a community. Drug compounding is a process where a pharmacist combines, mixes or alters ingredients
to create a medication tailored to the needs of an individual patient. Traditionally, compounded medications
are made in response to an individual prescription from a licensed health care provider in the context
of a pharmacist&#8217;s and that provider&#8217;s professional relationship with a specific patient.
Compounding provides patients access to alternatives to standard commercially-manufactured drugs when
these drugs do not meet the unique medical needs of a patient or are unavailable due to shortages. The
objective of the Drug Quality and Security Act is to address gaps in the oversight and safety of compounded
medications following the deadly fungal meningitis outbreak that began last year. Additionally, this
bill will implement a system to enable drugs to be traced from the manufacturer through the distribution
system to prevent counterfeit drugs from entering the market.
Visiting
Phillips County Hospital On Friday, I traveled to Phillipsburg
to tour the Phillips County Hospital (PCH). I always appreciate the opportunity to learn more about the
challenges health care providers are encountering in the delivery of health care in Kansas communities.
PCH is a critical access hospital that provides a wide range of health services to North Central Kansas
residents, such as emergency, cardiac rehabilitation, oncology, radiology, surgery, rehabilitation, laboratory
and nutritional services. PCH also operates clinics in Phillipsburg and Logan. This year marks PCH&#8217;s
60th year serving patients in Phillips County.
While
touring the hospital, I learned more about the partnership between the City of Phillipsburg and PCH to
construct and operate the Phillipsburg Aquatic Facility (PAF) enabling the hospital to provide aquatic
therapy to patients. Before the PAF was built in 2012, the nearest option for this particular therapy
was 30 miles from Phillipsburg. Recognizing that providing these services in their own community would
significantly benefit patients and reduce overall costs, PCH and the city partnered with residents to
design and carry out a plan to support the construction and operation of the facility. The PAF includes
a large outdoor pool and an indoor therapy and exercise pool, which can accommodate up to 15 patients
at one time. This initiative is a great example of what community leaders and residents can achieve when
they work together to improve the health of their community.
As
a member of the Senate Appropriations health subcommittee, it is valuable for me to visit Kansas hospitals
and talk with health care providers to fully understand how they utilize resources to care for patients
and support their communities. Thank you to Rhonda Kellerman for coordinating my visit.
Click
here
to see a photo of me with Dr. Ben Stephenson, one
of two physicians serving Phillips County.
Joining Aspiring Entrepreneurs at Startup
Weekend Hays On Friday, I joined entrepreneurial students
and community members at the first ever Hays Startup Weekend hosted by Fort Hays State University&#8217;s
(FHSU) College of Business and Entrepreneurship. Startup Weekend is a global startup based in Seattle,
Washington, with the goal of bringing together individuals to build startup companies over the course
of a weekend. During my remarks, I thanked participants for their willingness to pursue ideas and also
shared my thoughts on the value of entrepreneurs to our economy now and throughout our state&#8217;s
history. Research from the Kauffman Foundation shows that new companies are responsible for nearly all
net new job creation between 1980 and 2005, and startup companies create roughly three million jobs annually.
Congrats to all the students and participants on a successful weekend. Special thanks to Mark Bannister
for inviting me to participate, to Henry Schwaller for organizing the event, and to FHSU alumnus Dylan
Bathurst for traveling from Las Vegas to share his story of entrepreneurship with the participants.
Click
here
to see a photo from the event.
Click
here
to learn more about my legislation, Startup Act 3.0,
in this
Wichita Business Journal
piece
that will make it easier for entrepreneurs to start businesses.
Israel Action Forum
On Sunday, I joined Kansans in Overland Park for the
2013 Israel Action Forum. Israel is one of our nation&#8217;s closest allies and the ties between our
two countries are deep and strong. At the event, I participated in a discussion with Senator Pat Roberts
about Iran&#8217;s nuclear program. U.S. and international sanctions have been effective in bringing
Iran to the negotiating table but have so far failed in their real goal, which is to compel Iran to abandon
its nuclear program. President Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry have expressed hope that a deal
can be reached with Iran, but two rounds of negotiations this fall have failed to yield an agreement.
Meanwhile, as negotiators talk, Iran&#8217;s centrifuges keep spinning. Secretary Kerry briefed me last
week about the negotiations with Iran, and I believe the United States and our partners should not trade
away sanctions while allowing Iran to continue its pursuit of nuclear weapons. Special thanks to Kansas
City Israel Action Co-Chairs Lisa Bernard and Carol Katzman, Council Chair Bonnie Siegel, Rob and Miriam
Glueck, and Audrey Asher.
Visiting Stockton
Over the weekend
in Northwest Kansas, I stopped in Stockton and enjoyed visiting with Kansans at the Rooks County Courthouse,
post office, public library, Stockton National Bank, K-State Extension Office, Webster's Supermarket
and Shirley May's Deli. Thanks for the good dose of Kansas common sense.
Celebrating
the Life of Patricia Felts This week, I was saddened to
learn the passing of Patricia &#8220;Patt&#8221; Felts. On Friday, I joined friends and family in celebrating
Patt&#8217;s life at her funeral service at SS Philip and James Catholic Church in Phillipsburg. Patt
was a kind and caring person, loving mother and wife and devoted member of her church. I have been honored
to call her devoted husband of 59 years, Tad, my longtime friend. Patt also leaves behind two sons, Gregg
of Houston and Marc of Junction City. Robba and I extend our deepest sympathies and prayers to Patt&#8217;s
entire family and friends during this difficult time.
In
the Office Last week we had several visitors in the Washington,
D.C., office, including the Kansans listed below:
Autism
Speaks Kari Presley of Topeka
Mike Wasmer of Olathe
University
of Kansas Jeffery Vitter of Lawrence
Steve Warren of Lawrence
Joe Heppert of Lawrence
Justice
Nancy Moritz Nancy Moritz of Topeka
Navy
League of the United States Ward Cook of Prairie Village
Kansas
City Orthopaedic Institute Paul Kerens of Leawood
National
Association of Insurance and Financial Advisors Lacie Leatherman
of Wichita
Bob Reynolds of Salina
Rhonda Knudson of Great Bend
Kansas
Procurement Technical Assistance Centers Jason Porch of Overland
Park
Terri Bennett of Wichita
Eagle
Communications Gary Shorman of Hays
USDA
Rural Development Patty Clark of Topeka
Autism
Speaks Kari Presley of Topeka
Mike Wassmer of Olathe
Kari Presley of Topeka
Kansas
Independent College Association and Fund Ed Leonard of Lindsborg
Matt Lindsey of Topeka
Burger
King Dennis Erickson of Topeka
Jamie Erickson of Topeka
MRI
Global Tom Fleener of Kansas City
Capitol
Tour Carol Moritz of Salina
Sarah Landis of Topeka
Steve Gasper of Salina
Kathleen Gasper of Salina
Rose Morrow of Topeka
Beth Morrow of Topeka
Larry Moritz of Salina
John Mortiz of Hays
Ryan Roe of Topeka
Patricia Clark of Topeka
Michael Corpstein of Tipton
Gregory Belshe of Overland Park
Ethan Belshe of Overland Park
Sophia Belshe of Overland Park
Honored
to Serve You in Washington It
is an honor to serve you in Washington, D.C. Thank you to the many Kansans who have been calling and
writing in to share their thoughts and opinions on the issues our state and country face. I appreciate
the words of Kansans, whether in the form of a form of letter, a Facebook comment or a phone call, who
wish to make their voice heard.
Please
let me know how I can be of assistance. You can contact me by email
by
clicking
here .
You can also
click
here
to contact me through one of my Kansas offices or
my Washington, D.C., office.
Very
truly yours,
Jerry
My
email address is only equipped to send messages. I encourage you to send me a
message through my website:
http://moran.senate. gov .
To unsubscribe from
this newsletter, please
click
here .
