
North Star Newsletter | November 2013
Keeping Our Promising to Veterans and Their Families
One of the main reasons I wanted to become a Senator was to ensure that we as a country make good on our promises to veterans and their families.
Last week for Veterans Day, I had the opportunity to travel around Minnesota and meet with many of our veterans. It gave me the chance to talk with them about what I'm doing in the Senate to improve their lives.
Right now, veterans living in rural communities are running into too many roadblocks when it comes to getting quality health care. I have a bipartisan bill to break down those barriers and improve access to health care for our rural veterans, and I'm working to get it passed into law so we can do right by those who have served our nation.
It makes me proud to come from a state where so many men and woman have made the courageous and selfless decision to serve our country. And I'm committed to finding ways to ensure that we keep our promises to them.
Shedding Light on Government Surveillance of Americans
As Chairman of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law, it's important for me to ensure that Minnesotans have the information they need to reach an informed opinion about government surveillance.
Last week, I held a hearing in my Subcommittee on a bill I wrote on this issue that has Republican and Democratic support.
My bill would increase transparency over the government surveillance programs that have recently been the subject of controversy.
The legislation would require the government to release basic information about how many Americans have had their communications collected under foreign intelligence programs. And it would guard against American companies losing business because of misconceptions about their role in these programs.
I'm pleased to say that this bill is the leading transparency proposal in the Senate, supported by a strong coalition of tech companies and civil liberties groups. I will continue to work on getting it passed into law to give Minnesotans the transparency they need.
Working to Ensure Equality for All Americans
This month, the Senate took a key step toward ensuring equality for all Americans by passing legislation to outlaw discrimination in the workplace.
The
Employment Non-Discrimination Act &mdash;or ENDA&mdash;prohibits employment discrimination on the basis of actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity. Minnesota has had a similar law on the books for over 20 years, and I've been pushing to get it passed at the federal level since I joined the Senate.
For members of the LGBT community, getting this bill signed into law would mean that they don't have to live in fear of being fired, or discriminated against during the hiring process, just because of who they are or whom they love. That's a big deal.
This is about making equality a reality for all Americans, and I will continue pushing the House to pass this bill and send it to the President's desk to be signed into law.
Coming Together to Keep Medicine Safe for Patients in Minnesota
Minnesotans need to be able to trust that the medications they receive are safe. But unfortunately, that hasn't always been the case.
This week, the Senate passed my bipartisan legislation to ensure the safety of compounded drugs&mdash;which are made, mixed, diluted, or combined for individual patients. The House also recently passed the bill, and now it's on the way to the President's desk to be signed into law.
Last year, 64 Americans died and hundreds more were infected after a drug compounding facility in Massachusetts sent contaminated medications to 20 states, including Minnesota. My bill, which addresses the lack of oversight tied to that deadly outbreak, is expected to be signed by the President in the near future.
And when this legislation becomes law, people in Minnesota and around the country will have greater peace of mind about the safety of their medicine. I'm very pleased that Congress was able to come together and get this bill finished to strengthen protections for Minnesotans who need compounded drugs.
To unsubscribe from these newsletters, please visit the unsubscribe page here: http://franken.senate.gov/?p=newsletter_unsub
