
If you are
having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view
the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp;
LEGISLATION
OUR
DISTRICT
November 11, 2013
Dear Friend,
Happy
Veterans Day. As we commemorate this special day, I hope that you can take
the time to pause and remember to thank a veteran in your life. Our
service men and women represent the very best of our country, and their
willingness to lay their lives on the line defending our freedoms
exmplifies the everlasting American spirit that we each hold dear. I have
been reflecting this year on what I have been doing to serve veterans
as your representative and what more I can do to ensure that our
veterans receive the very best in care and the the recognition they
deserve.
Who are our
Veterans?
California is home to over 1.8 million veterans who have fought in
every conflict our country has faced since the Second World War.
These men and women helped defend this nation in war and in peacetime
they built our State into one of the worlds largest economies.
Hundreds of thousands of these veterans call the Central Valley home;
in the two counties I am privileged to represent more than 60,000 who
have served in the Armed Forces.
My Mission in
Congress: Honor Our Promises to Veterans
One of my
greatest honors as a member of Congress and a veteran myself is having
the ability to help fulfill the promises made to our veterans for
their brave and distinguished service to our country.
I come from a
family with a tradition of military service, and as a veteran myself,
I understand how important our work is to continually improve care
and support for our veterans. As the sole Valley representative on the
Veteran Affairs Committee, you can count on me to fight to preserve the
rights, protections and benefits our veterans
deserve.
The Veterans Affairs Committee: Oversight and
Accountability
Every day more than 8 million veterans, survivors
and dependents access care through the Department of Veterans Affairs
(VA) where they are served by more than 300,000 employees at 1,700
healthcare facilities. These visits range from routine check-ups to
complex surgeries and mental health visits. Outside of direct healthcare
the VA also provides educational, disability and pension benefits to
millions of veterans and their families. These services make the VA the
largest direct healthcare provider in the United States and the second
largest department of the federal government
an extraordinary
investment by the American taxpayers to show our gratitude for those who
have worn the uniform.
This means that the Veterans Affairs
Committee must be vigorous in conducting it oversight responsibilities
and hold the VA and its leadership accountable for mismanagement,
especially when those errors jeopardize the health and safety of the
veterans they serve. This Congress, the committee has acted in bipartisan
fashion to do just that and I encourage you to visit the Veterans
Affairs Committee
website for more information on
these efforts.
Improving Access to Care in the
Valley: New Facilities and Better
Coordination
Improving our existing VA resources and bringing new facilities closer to
home will greatly enhance the level of care offered to veterans in the
Valley and surrounding communities.
This year I was proud to join
fellow veterans and supporters at the VA Palo Alto Health Care
Systems ribbon cutting for the Modesto VA Clinic, which was delivered on
schedule and should serve as a model to other critical projects for
Central Valley veterans.
In July, I presented the keys to two
new Veteran Transport Vans for use by the Modesto VA Community Based
Outpatient Clinic (CBOC). My staff and I worked with local veterans,
community leaders and the VA Palo Alto Volunteer Services to secure the
vans, which now help veterans who have special needs or transportation
restrictions travel to their medical appointments on their
own.
Just as important as the Modesto Clinic is a
planned facility in French Camp. For veterans in San Joaquin County who
have to drive long distances for care, having this facility built on
schedule is absolutely vital. I have met with Secretary Shinseki to
personally deliver the message that we need to move forward with this
project. Additionally, Id like to salute the efforts of the San Joaquin
County supervisors and officials who have been tireless advocates for
getting the French Camp Clinic completed as
promised.
These new facilities are only one part of the effort to bring a better VA
to the Valley. Implementing new electronic health records and
ensuring that easy-to-access benefits information is available online will
bring the Veterans Administration into the 21st Century.
We
must also work to expedite the benefits claims process. Secretary
Shinseki has set the goal of processing all claims within 125 days with
98 percent accuracy in 2015. This year I met regularly with the Under
Secretary for the Veterans Benefits Administration Allison Hickey to
receive updates on their new paperless claims system and training
processes that have been developed to reduce the backlog. While the VA has
made important progress, thousands of Northern California veterans are
still waiting more than 125 days for their claim to be processed at
the Oakland Regional Office. I want to assure those who are waiting for
their claim that I will continue to monitor the situation in Oakland
to make sure that the VA follows through on their commitment to a
better claims process.
Working
Together to Hire Veterans: A Bipartisan Goal
I am proud
that last Congress we passed the Vow to Hire Heroes Act as well as
the Veterans Skills to Jobs Act, which I authored with Congressman Walz.
These laws will help veterans take the training they received in the
military and find employment in the private sector. With 250,000
servicemen expected to enter civilian life each year over the next 5 years,
we must do everything we can to make the transition as seamless as
possible. More than veterans benefits, what these soldiers, sailors,
airmen and marines want is the dignity of a job.
That is
why I started the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus, a bipartisan,
bicameral group of legislators who are committed to working with the
private sector to bring down the rate of unemployment. Together members of
the jobs caucus have held job fairs, announced ambitious veterans
hiring goals and brought together key government agencies and private
companies to collaborate on long term solutions. To learn more about the
Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus, please click
here .
Legislation
This Congress I have worked with democrats and republicans to
introduce legislation that taken together would recognize the service of
our guard and reserve members, improve access to important medical
records, speed the disability claims process and push the Department of
Defense and the VA towards a truly integrated healthcare record. I have
introduced or been an original co-sponsor of the following pieces of
legislation:
H.R. 679
Honor
America's Guard-Reserve Retirees Act
H.R.
1980
Quicker Veterans Benefits Delivery Act
H.R.
2055
Integrated Electronic Health Records (iEHR) for
Military and Veterans Act
H.R.
2150
Homeless Veterans' Reintegration Programs Reauthorization Act of
2013
H.R. 3405
The United We Stand to Hire
Veterans Act
H.R. 1132
Efficient
Service for Veterans Act
Overdue Honors: Ensuring our Heroes Get the Recognition They
Deserve
It is a privilege as a member of Congress and a
fellow veteran to help those who serve our nation get the recognition
they are owed for their distinguished service. This year my office
assisted more than 15 veterans get the award they earned fighting for our
country. In some cases these men have waited more than 40 years for
their heroic action to be recognized. Getting these overdue medals is a
rigorous process that demands extensive documentation, eyewitness
testimony and thorough review by the Pentagon.
Honor Flight: Bringing Our Veterans to the
Capital
Honor Flight is a private, all volunteer organization
that brings our elderly and terminally ill veterans to Washington
D.C. in order to visit their war memorials.
This year I
joined with the Northern California Honor Flight to welcome WWII &amp;
Korean War veterans to the capital. During the Honor Flights visit, I
accompanied Frank Myers, a Navy vet and Pearl Harbor survivor,
throughout the groups tour of the WWII and Korean War Memorials. To experience
the memorials that stand as a monument to Franks service with him
was an unforgettable experience. To view photos from our tour, please
click
here .
Veteran Advisory
Council: Local Veterans Who Make a Difference
I
could not do my job in Washington, D.C. without the advice and
perspective of local veterans who are committed to serving their
brothers-in-arms. These leaders are a part of my veteran advisory council. They
meet each month to discuss the issues affecting Central Valley veterans
and identify solutions that I can bring to my colleagues on the
Veterans Affairs Committee.
Harold
"Al" Pound
VFW Post 3199
Modesto
Jim Greer
Stan County
VSO
Jerry Sarkovics
Marine Corps
League
Doug Miller
Stan
County Vet Commissioner
John
Treantos
Marine Corps League/ Legion Post 172
Tracy
Mark Sward
American Legion
Post 263 Escalon
Phil
White
GWOT College Vets
-CSUS/MJC
Mike Seward
VFW Post 5059,
Turlock
Neil Holets
American Legion
Post 172 Tracy
Mike
Maloney
American Legion VFW 1537
Tracy
Walt Butler
American Legion Post 491
Ceres
Amy Hussar
American Legion
Post 168 Patterson
Jim
Winston
American Legion Post 249
Manteca
Lee Herren
VFW Post 6311
Manteca
Harold Palmer
VFW Post 1051
Ripon
Ted
Marshall
VFW Post 1051 Ripon
Peggy
Winston
American Legion Post 249
Manteca
Vaugn Gates
VFW Post 1537
Tracy
There is still much
work to be done to ensure that we provide for the men and women who have
laid their lives on the line for our great nation. I will continue to
work throughout the 10th district, on the Veterans Affairs Committee
and with the Congressional Veterans Jobs Caucus to provide the best
results possible for our service members.
DC
office:
1730 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P:
202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto
Office:
4701 Sisk Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA
95356
P: 209-579-5458
F: 209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
