DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
November 22, 2013
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Greetings from the 19th
Dear Friend,
As we prepare to enter the busy holiday season, I wanted to send you a quick update from my work in Washington.
There are a few notable highlights I wanted to share regarding Lyme Disease and healthcare.
Lyme Disease
This week, the House Energy &amp; Commerce Subcommittee on Health held a hearing on my Lyme Disease legislation, H.R. 610.
This is an important step forward in the process of ensuring better awareness, diagnosis, and treatment for tickborne illnesses, and I thank the Chairman of the Subcommittee for including Lyme Disease in the hearing about community public health issues.
You can view the video from the hearing here: http://energycommerce.house.gov/hearing/examining-public-health-legislation-help-local-communities#video (around 59:55 min).
Healthcare
Last week, the House passed the Keep Your Healthcare Act, by a bipartisan vote of 261 -157
39 Democrats, including Reps. Tim Bishop, Bill Owens, Dan Maffei, and Sean Maloney from New York, voted yes.
I supported this legislation, which upholds the promise President Barack Obama and then Speaker Nancy Pelosi made that under the Affordable Care Act, if you liked your health insurance plan, you could keep it.
The Keep Your Health Plan Act allows providers to continue to offer in 2014 those health insurance plans in effect in the individual market as of January 1, 2013.
According to the
Associated Press , 3.5 million people on the individual insurance market have already seen their health plan cancelled.
As Ive said all along, the Affordable Care Act, which had the right goals of lowering health care costs and increasing access to quality care, would never deliver on these promises.
One of these tenets was that my constituents, and Americans across the country, would be able to keep their current health insurance if they liked it.
That has turned out to be a false promise, and todays legislation would fix that
allowing insurance companies to continue to offer current plans.
Despite his statement to the contrary yesterday, President Obama cannot change his law by executive fiat
the solution must be legislative for it to have any meaning, and todays bipartisan vote demonstrates the support of Congress for this fix.
Moving forward,
my preferred solution is to replace the Affordable Care Act
keeping parts we can all support
and enacting legislation that will drive down costs and increase access .
In the absence of that, we should at a minimum ensure the law is not forced on Americans with a broken website, unfair applicability, and direct promises that are not being kept.
I hope everyone has a happy and restful Thanksgiving with family and friends.
Best wishes from the Gibson family.
Sincerely,
Chris Gibson
Member of Congress
IN THE NEWS
Daily Freeman:
U.S. Rep. Gibson, NY Sen. Tkaczyksay more needs to be done to address turbidity in Lower Esopus
No Labels Radio :
Congressman Gibson Interview with Governor Jon Huntsman
YNN :
Gibson Honors Special Veterans at NYS Military Museum
ON THE HILL
How can we help you?
My Committees
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Washington, DC Office
1708 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
T (202) 225-5614
F (202) 225-1168
Click Here Click Here