
RAND'S NEWSLETTER UPDATE
NOVEMBER 22, 2013
Please allow me to update you on some of this week's happenings in Washington, D.C.
Share Your Obamacare Stories
Since the implementation of Obamacare, roughly 280,000 Kentuckians
have received cancellation notices from their current health care
providers. For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have
been dropped from their coverage.
Obamacare has been presented to the American people through twisted
rhetoric, smoke and mirrors. Obamacare is not good for America and it
certainly not good for Kentucky.
I would like to hear how Obamacare has affected you, your family or
your business. Share your story
HERE .
Dr. Rand Paul Speaks at National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference
This week, I had the opportunity to speak at the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference Justice Summit in Washington, D.C.
I discussed the topics of justice, economic freedom and our nation's founding principles.
(Dr. Rand Paul addressing the
National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference- November 19, 2013)
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces Endangered Species Management Self-Determination Act
Earlier this week, I joined Sen. Dean Heller (R-Nev.) and Rep. Mark Amodei (R-Nev.) in introducing the
Endangered Species Management Self-Determination Act .
This bill provides state governors with the power to regulate intrastate endangered species and intrastate threatened species.
By removing the red tape, state governments will be better equipped to manage, regulate, develop and implement recovery plans for their critical habitats. This bill will better protect endangered species by allowing a more tailored response as implemented by the states. The Endangered Species Management Self-Determination Act ensures that local needs will be considered in the regulation process and places the decision-making into the hands of the states by allowing them to choose whether regulation occurs on the state or federal level.
Click
HERE
to read the bill in its entirety.
Senators: Congress Should Vote on Keeping Troops on Afghanistan Past 2014
On Wednesday, I joined Sens. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.), Mike Lee (R-Utah), Ron Wyden (D-Ore.), Jon Tester (D-Mont.), and Mark Begich (D-Alaska) in a bipartisan effort urging for Congressional approval as a condition for any American troop presence in Afghanistan past 2014. The Administration is reportedly negotiating an agreement that could keep as many as 10,000 American troops in Afghanistan for another ten years.
After spending over a decade at war in Afghanistan, it is time to transition our troops home. This bipartisan amendment reinforces the fact that the president needs to consult the American people and their representatives in Congress before increasing our troop involvement in Afghanistan.
Click
HERE
to read more.
Dr. Rand Paul Meets with the Society for Human Resource Management
On Thursday, I met with the Kentucky delegation of the Society for Human Resource Management. We discussed tax reform and other pieces of legislation that directly affect their practices.
(Dr. Rand Paul with the Society for Human Resource Management- November 21, 2013)
Media Wrap-Up
This past week, I appeared on
Fox's Special Report with Bret Baier
and
On the Record with Greta Van Susteren
and
CNN's Out Front with Erin Burnett
and
CNN Newsroom with Wolf Blitzer .
I also spoke with several radio stations across the country, as well as stations in Kentucky including the Leland Conway Show on WHAS, News Talk with Lee Burke, the Tom Roten Show on WVHU, the Greg Dunker Show on WKYX and Mornings with Darrell and Al . I also recorded an address for
Breitbart .
Now Accepting Applications for the Senate Page Program
Would you like to work alongside Senators as we actively debate and vote on legislation?
I am currently accepting applications from Kentucky high school students for the Senate Page Program. Click
HERE
to apply!
Have An Issue Or Concern?
If you are a Kentucky resident and need assistance with a federal agency or concern, feel free to contact the Bowling Green office (270-782-8303) to have a discussion with the appropriate staff member.
Stay in Touch with Sen. Paul's Social Media
You can find updates on what I'm doing by visiting my Senate website,
www.paul.senate.gov
and you can follow my official Google+ account
HERE . You can also subscribe to my YouTube channel
HERE . Don't forget to become a fan of my
official Facebook page
and my
official Instagram page
for other timely updates.
Warm Regards,
To unsubscribe from Rand's newsletter, please visit the
unsubscribe page
