
If you are having trouble viewing
this message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
HOME
ABOUT
SERVING YOU
WHERE I
STAND
MEDIA CENTER
CONTACT ME
November 21, 2013
Dear
Friends,
As a refugee of Cuba, I know from firsthand knowledge the impact
of false public personas like that of Chinas Mao Zedong. I
constantly fight to dispel the myth of Che Guevara, a mass murderer who is
still romanticized around the world by those who dont know about his
legacy of hatred, murder, and bigotry. The myth of Che Guevara hurts
millions who suffer under a tyrannical communist regime that promotes
terror, injustice and lawlessness while denying the Cuban people basic
human rights like the freedom of press, speech, assembly and due
process.
We fight daily to tell the truth about the Castro
communist regime and I am proud to stand with those like Harry Wu, a noted
Chinese dissident who works to expose the severe human rights
violations in China. Mr. Wu was imprisoned in China for 19 years for
criticizing Chinas communist regime. As the regime plans celebrations for the
murderous dictator Maos 120 th
birthday next month, it is
urgent that we continue to fight back against the myth of Mao and the
human rights abuses performed in his name. Mr. Wus research is also a
stark and instructing reminder of the parentage of Chinas communist
regime, showing that when it comes to human rights in todays China, not
much has changed.
The regime in China today actively
suppresses the truth of its heritage and is terrified that the Chinese
people will discover the truth about the regimes founding father,
Chairman Mao
a man they wrongfully continue to honor and glorify as a hero.
They are afraid that Mao and his communist ideology will be
discovered for the lie that it is. They are afraid of what will happen when the
Chinese people know that the tens of millions who starved during the
Great Leap Forward died not from natural disasters but as a result of
Maos abusive policies. They are afraid that if the Chinese people
know that the persecution, tortures, and executions of the Cultural
Revolution were a direct result of Maos ideology, the same ideology that
exists in China today
the regime will collapse.
Thanks to
brave dissidents like Mr. Wu and the work of his Laogai Research
Foundation, the truth about Mao and his legacy will not be suppressed
forever. The Chinese regime cannot hide that it brutally represses its
people, illegally detaining political opposition and restricting their
rights to assemble or receive a fair trial. It cannot hide that Falun
Gong practitioners trying to practice their religion in peace suffer and
die in forced labor camps. It cannot hide that the gruesome practice
of harvesting organs from Chinas prisoners of conscience continues. As
we know from the State Departments latest country human rights
report, Chinese authorities are increasingly seeking out and silencing
individuals who dare to speak out against the regime.
I am
proud to have introduced resolutions this year and in years past that
condemn the practice of organ harvesting, demand an end to the persecution
of Falun Gong, and the immediate release of all prisoners of
conscience. I will continue to call attention to these issues whenever I can.
We are lucky to live in a country that guarantees our right to speak
out, to criticize, and to speak freely in support of our ideas,
religion, and beliefs. As Harry Wu says, it is our duty to speak on behalf of
those Chinese, Cubans, and those all over the world, who cannot speak
freely because they live under tyrannical regimes.
Sincerely,
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen
Member of
Congress
Don't forget to
follow me on Twitter
@RosLehtinen . I send out
live updates and links to recent videos!
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Washington, DC
Office
2206
Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)
225-3931 |
Fax: (202)
225-5620
Miami
Office
(Main)
4960 SW 72 Ave, Suite 208
Miami, FL
33155
Phone: (305)
668-2285
Fax: (305) 668-5970
Cutler Bay Town Hall
10720 Caribbean
Blvd.
Cutler Bay, Fl 33189
Hours: Every
Thursday
>From 10am to 3pm
Hialeah City Hall
501 Palm Avenue
Hialeah,
Fl 33010
Hours: Every 2nd Wednesday
>From 10am to
3pm
Miami Springs City
Hall
201 Westward Dr.
Miami Springs, Fl
33166
Hours: Every Tuesday
>From 10am to 3pm
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
