
NOV
16
News from Senator Ayotte's Office
Dear Friends,
This week brought sad news with the passing of Councilor Ray Burton - a great New Hampshire statesman and a tireless champion for the North Country.
Ray's commitment to improving the lives of his constituents truly raised the bar for public service in our state, and I was glad to be able to spend time with him earlier this month for the dedication of the new Mount Washington scenic overlook named in his honor.
Ray touched so many lives and he will be deeply missed.
While the Obama Administration announced this week that just 269 Granite Staters have selected a plan on the Obamacare marketplace exchange, it's clear that the anemic enrollment numbers are just the tip of the iceberg. I continue to hear every day from New Hampshire residents about the problems they're experiencing as a result of Obamacare, and I spoke on the Senate floor again this week to share some of the personal stories of those who are seeing coverage cancellation notices and having to pay higher insurance premiums.
The president's proposed one-year fix for cancelled policies doesn't come close to solving the underlying structural problems with this deeply flawed law that have resulted in increased premium costs and lost work hours.
There should be a time out on Obamacare so Congress can enact real reforms that will allow Americans to have access to the health care they need, from the doctor they want, at a price they can afford.
On the road in New Hampshire yesterday, I enjoyed visiting Cawley Middle School in Hooksett to help educate students about online safety.
And on Friday evening in Concord, I joined fellow members of the congressional delegation for the New Hampshire Congressional Law Enforcement Awards Ceremony - a special annual tradition that recognizes the exceptional service of our state's law enforcement personnel, who put their lives on the line every day to keep us safe.
See below for photos and more news from my office - and have a good weekend.
Ayotte Returns to Senate Floor to Share More New Hampshire Obamacare Stories
Senator Ayotte returned to the Senate floor this week to share personal stories she has heard from Granite Staters who are seeing their insurance coverage cancelled, higher premiums, and lost work hours.
"These sad stories continue to arrive in my inbox every day.
These are real people, and they're having great difficulty with not only the website, but also structural problems that exist within the law itself," she said.
"They deserve to have their voices heard here on the floor of the United States Senate."
Google "Good to Know" Program Teaches Hooksett Students About Online Safety
Google's Good to Know Roadshow comes to Hooksett
By Benjamin C. Klein,
Union Leader Saturday, November 16, 2013
HOOKSETT - Using a combination of viral videos like the billion-hit video "Gangnam Style" by Korean rapper Psy and hard hitting facts, U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte and members of Google did a presentation at the Cawley Middle School Friday afternoon designed to teach students how to be safe and protect themselves while online.
Before opening up the Good to Know Roadshow for Google, Ayotte said that she has been focused on Internet safety since her days as state Attorney General.
"We need to teach them to use that technology in smart and safe ways is an important message for students because unfortunately scam artists and predators use the Internet for criminal reasons. And part of the problem is they have a better understanding of that technology than we do, but they don't have the same life experience, so there needs to be a back and forth on this between children and adults," Ayotte said.
Read more .
Bipartisan Amendment Would Boost Historic Reforms and Protect Victims of Sexual Assault in the Military
Senator Ayotte joined Senators Claire McCaskill (D-MO) and Senator Deb Fischer (R-NE) on Thursday to announce a new set of bipartisan provisions to strengthen and augment the already historic reform package that passed the Armed Services Committee in June to curb military sexual assault.
"Our amendment seeks to ensure that victims receive the full support they need and that they are treated with dignity and respect, while perpetrators of these crimes in our military are held fully accountable," said Ayotte. "At the same time, our measure also makes certain that commanders are working to prevent these crimes by establishing a zero tolerance climate within their commands, and that they're held accountable for what happens in their units."
Click
here
to read about the reforms included in the McCaskill-Ayotte-Fischer amendment.
Ayotte Urges FBI Director to Bring Benghazi Attackers to Justice
During a Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee hearing on Thursday, Senator Ayotte pressed FBI Director James Comey regarding the administration's efforts to capture and bring to justice the terrorists responsible for the Benghazi attack.
She has raised concerns that key suspects in the attack remain free in Libya.
"People are frustrated that these people have not been brought to justice, so I do want your commitment that they will be brought to justice," she said to Director Comey.
Photos of the Week
Senator Ayotte with Cawley Middle School seventh graders (left - right) Olivia Neville, Grace Potvin, Cambria St. Germain, and Julianne Souza.
Senator Ayotte joined members of the congressional delegation for the annual New Hampshire Congressional Law Enforcement Awards ceremony in Concord on Friday.
Click
here
to read more.
Senator Ayotte speaks with New Hampshire veterans during Monday's Veterans Day ceremony at the State Veterans Cemetery in Boscawen.
Warm Regards,
Kelly Ayotte
United States Senator
Email Kelly
Manchester Office
1200 Elm Street, Suite 2
Manchester, NH 03101 Phone:
603-622-7979
Nashua Office
144 Main Street
Nashua, NH 03060 Phone:
603-880-3335
North Country Office 19 Pleasant Street, Suite 13B
Berlin, NH 03570 Phone:
603-752-7702 Fax:
603-752-7704
Portsmouth Office
14 Manchester Square, Ste 140
Portsmouth, NH 03801 Phone:
603-436-7161
Washington, DC
144 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone:
202-224-3324
Email Kelly
|
ayotte.senate.gov
|
Unsubscribe
