
A Message from Congressman Paul Broun
Obamacare Cannot Be Fixed
Click Here for Video
This week I spoke on the House Floor to urge my colleagues to focus their attention on eliminating Obamacare entirely. My constituents are hurting under this law, suffering from higher premiums, cancellation notices, and less quality care. The only way to provide Americans with relief from this onerous law is to repeal it in full. We cannot fix Obamacare, and for that reason, I voted against last weeks Keep Your Health Plan Act. Watch the video above to see my floor speech.
This Week in the Senate
Today the Senate is expected to vote on the President's nomination of Janet Yellen to replace outgoing Federal Reserve Chair Ben Bernanke. For the past 100 years, the Federal Reserve has made major decisions related to our nations monetary policy without any type of oversight. In an effort to bring transparency to this agency, I picked up Congressman Ron Paul's Audit the Fed Bill at the beginning of this year. I was very pleased to hear Senator Rand Paul's pledge to block the nomination
from going through unless Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., agrees to allow a vote on Paul's legislation to audit the Fed. I wholeheartedly support Senator Paul in his efforts and
will continue to fight alongside him in the House to get legislation passed to audit the Federal Reserve.
Don't Miss: Coffee with the Congressman
Friday, November 22nd at 9:00 AM I will be hosting "Coffee with the Congressman" at the Athens Chamber of Commerce.
All residents of the 10 th
Congressional District are invited to join me for a free cup of coffee and an open discussion about national politics and current events.
Broun at "Coffee with the Congressman" in Madison, GA
What:
Coffee with the Congressman
Who:
U.S. Congressman Paul Broun and
10 th
District Residents
When:
Friday, November 22nd,
2013 from 9:00-10:00 AM
Where:
Athens Chamber of Commerce, Board Room
246 West Hancock Avenue
Athens, GA 30601
Quick Links
Press
Broun Reminds Colleagues that Obamacare Cannot be Fixed
"Just last week, the House passed a symbolic bill that merely nibbled at the edges of the problems caused by Obamacare. But, you cannot fix a law that will cripple our economy, increase our nations debt, and limit healthcare options for millions of Americans."
Broun: Lets Focus on Full Repeal of Obamacare
"I voted against the Keep Your Health Plan Act because I am serious about putting a stop to Obamacare, and this bill does nothing to address Obamacare in the long-term. We need to focus on real reform that will actually lower costs and deliver quality care, not waste time with another delay or fix, said Rep. Broun.
Broun Honors Local WWII Veteran
I am pleased that my staff was able to take part in the replacement of these medals, and it was the highest privilege to be able to present Mr. Harwood with the Bronze Star. Mr. Harwood is among the elite ranks of our nations heroes, exemplifying the sacrifice, sense of duty, and humbleness that so many of our soldiers continue to serve our country with today.
Broun: We Can't Fix Obamacare, We Must Repeal and Replace
"Under Obamacare, Americans will still see higher costs, cancelled coverage, and reduced quality of care -and in one year, Americans will be put right back at square one unless Obamacare is repealed in full, said Rep. Broun."
Press Releases
Click below to read recent Press Releases.
Multimedia
BROUN'S 4-WAY TEST
I am committed to protecting the constitutional rights and pocketbooks of every American. I will apply the following four-way test to every piece of legislation that comes before the House for a vote:
Is it Right/Moral?
Is it Constitutional?
Is it Necessary?
Is it Affordable?
Connect
RSS Feed
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Washington D.C.
2437 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4101
Fax: 202-226-0776
Athens
3706 Atlanta Hwy, Ste 2
Athens, GA 30606
Phone: 706-549-9588
Fax: 706-549-9590
Click Here Click Here