
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
RECENT NEWS
|
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
|
LEGISLATIVE
WORK
|
CONTACT ANNA
|
NOT A SUBSCRIBER?
Dear
Friends,
Each year, Veterans Day serves as an opportunity to pause and
remember the men and women who have served in our armed forces to
protect and defend our country. Today, we have over 25 million living
veterans among us and over 30,000 in the 18th Congressional
District.
Their service spans generationsfrom World War I, to the wars
in Iraq and Afghanistanand they will never be forgotten. Each one
shares the same devotion to preserving our country's freedoms and values,
and we can never thank them enough, nor fully repay them for the
sacrifices they and their families have made on our behalf. In return, we
must stand up for them by providing them with the care and support
they've earned.
In recent years, Im proud to have supported
the important steps taken in Congress to help our veterans, including
passing a new Post 9-11 GI Bill; expanding access to VA health care;
improving health services for all veterans; providing greater support
for our military families; and modernizing benefits our troops have
earned.
More recently, Ive had two distinct honors I want
to share with you.
Earlier this year, I helped open a new
mental health facility as part of the Veterans Affairs Palo Alto
Health Care System. The Mental Health Learning Center is a $10 million
facility that houses training and education for staff to improve
practices and procedures for mental health treatment for veterans and their
families. When veterans come home, regardless of the policies that took
them overseas, we owe them the best. Its essential to have
professionals who are highly trained and are continuing to learn serving our
veterans.
In June, I was able to help a veteran in our
community whose bravery 57 years ago went unrecognized. Mountain View
resident and Airman 1st Class Juan C. Aranda Jr. put the lives of others
before his own when he heroically saved four people stranded in
Hurricane Santa Clara that struck Puerto Rico in August 1956. Despite being
praised by the local mayor and the Red Cross for his actions and
receiving notice from the Air Force that the wheels were rolling for an
award, Mr. Aranda never heard from the Air Force again. When I learned
this, I went to work to secure the honor he deserved. In June, Airman
1st Class Juan C. Aranda Jr. was awarded the Air Force Commendation
Medal for his bravery at a ceremony at Moffett Federal
Airfield.
Im proud to salute Americas veterans on this day, but honoring
our veterans cannot be confined just to Veterans Day. We must honor
them every day by fulfilling our promises to them, just as they fulfilled
their promise to us and our nation. Please join me in expressing our
profound gratitude to those who have served and protected us with such
bravery, honor and distinction, and those that continue to do so
today.
Sincerely,
Anna G. Eshoo
Member
of Congress
Tell a Friend
Spread the
word:
forward this email to a
friend.
DISTRICT
OFFICE
698 Emerson Street
Palo Alto, California 94301
(650) 323-2984
(408)
245-2339
(831) 335-2020
(650) 323-3498 fax
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
241 Cannon Building
Washington,
D.C. 20515
(202) 225-8104
(202) 225-8890 fax
WEB SITE
eshoo.house.gov
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
