
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
Saturday, November 2, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
13th Congressional District E-Newsletter, 11/2/13
Dear friend,
With Veterans Day just around the corner, the U.S. House this week passed four, bipartisan veterans bills to assist our nations heroes while improving accountability and efficiency at the Department of Veterans Affairs.
The bills approved this week include:
H.R. 2189 - establishes a commission or task force charged with examining the root causes of the Department of Veterans Affairs disability claims backlog and providing solutions for ending it by 2015. Using VAs existing resources
H.R. 2481 - using VAs existing resources establishes an Economic Opportunity Administration within VA, enabling the department to better focus on veterans transition to civilian life
H.R. 1405 - requires the VA secretary to include an appeals form along with any benefits-denial notification, institute key reforms to VAs fiduciary program and provide honorary veterans status to members of the National Guard and Reserves
H.R. 2011 - extends the term of a special veteran students advisory committee for two years
While we have so much work left to do, these bills are a step in the right direction to ensure that our nations veterans receive the care that they need and deserve.
Additionally, next Tuesday, November 5th,
my office will be hosting a Veterans Benefits Workshop at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville to assist those filing for service-related claims with the Department of Veterans Affairs.
A variety of veterans service organizations will be on-hand including representatives from my office, the St. Louis Veterans Affairs Healthcare System, the St. Louis Veterans Affairs Regional Office, the Illinois Veterans Commission, the Illinois Department of Economic Security, the Madison County Veterans Assistance Commission, the Illinois Lost Veterans Project, the American Legion and others.
Please click here
or call my office at 618.301.8386 to find out more information about the event.
If you havent already, be sure to like my
Facebook page , follow me on
Twitter , and check out my
YouTube channel
to stay informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and in Illinois.
As always, it is truly an honor to serve you. Please contact my staff in Washington, DC at 202.225.2371, Champaign at 217.403.4690, Decatur at 217.791.6224 or Taylorville at 217.824.5117 if we can be of any assistance to you, or if youd like to share your thoughts on the issues before Congress.
In service,
Rodney Davis
Traveling Office Hours
On Thursday, November 7, I'll be holding traveling office hours in Carrollton and Carlinville. Holding traveling office hours enables area residents a chance to meet with me one-on-one or in small groups to share any issues or concerns.
The mobile office hours in Carrollton will be held at the Greene County Court House, 519 N. Main St., from 9:30am
11:30am.
The mobile office hours in Carlinville will be held at state Rep. Wayne Rosenthals office, 220 N. Broad St., from 1:00pm
3:00pm.
Appointments for a one-on-one or small group meeting are encouraged but not required. To make an appointment, please call my Taylorville office at 217.824.5117.
Your Story
Whether you are one of the many Americans who have experienced the failure of healthcare.gov, someone concerned about what their health insurance policy will look like come January 1st because your current plan was cancelled or someone who has seen their premiums skyrocket, we want to hear for you. Tell us your experience, good, bad or ugly.
Please click here to share you story .
Farm Bill
This week marked the first public meeting for the Farm Bill conference committee. While there are significant differences between the House and Senate versions of the Farm Bill, I'm confident that in the next 2 months we'll be able to work through those differences and come up with a strong, bipartisan bill that our farmers and agriculture community deserve.
Click here
to view my opening remarks from the conference committee meeting.
Video of the week
Earlier this week I was proud to join thousands of coal miners in support of American coal.
Click here
or on the photo above to view my remarks from the rally.
Rodney in the news
Rep. Davis hopes to get Farm Bill agreement in 3 months
Editorial: Bills passage could help Illinois
Davis: Food stamps should go to those who really need them
Davis: Farm Bill Will Strengthen Crop Insurance
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here