DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Home
About
District
Constituent Services
Issues
Newsroom
Contact
November 11, 2013
Congressional Update
Howdy Texans!
On Veterans Day, we honor those brave men and women from every generation who have risked their lives in service to our nation and pay tribute to their dedication to America. Because of their sacrifice, millions here and around the world enjoy the blessings of liberty.
Click on the image above to view Congressman Flores Veterans Day message.
TX-17 Congressional Veterans Commendation
Today, I am proud to announce the winners of the TX-17 Congressional Veterans Commendation. This unique commendation was first awarded last year to veterans of the district.
The recipients were nominated by constituents of our district, and they are persons who have served our nation honorably during their military careers and subsequently demonstrated selfless dedication to their respective communities.
This years recipients of the TX-17 Congressional Veterans Commendation include:
Dr. Mike OBric of Woodway
Korean War veteran
Robert Lee Middleton of College Station
Korean War veteran
Bill J. Youngkin of Bryan
Vietnam War veteran
Henry Gonzales of Lorena
Vietnam War veteran
Manuel Sustaita of Waco
Vietnam War veteran
Louis M. Newman III of College Station
Vietnam War veteran
Robert Popeye Carter of Waco
First Gulf War veteran
Larry Bethea Jr. of Waco
First Gulf War veteran
Richard C. Hamblet of Pflugerville
First Gulf War veteran
Geraldine May Hince of Bryan
Lebanon, Grenada, Panama, and the First Gulf War veteran
Roy May, Jr. of College Station
Iraq War veteran
I am delighted to recognize these veterans, and it is a great honor to present these awards to such deserving and exemplary individuals. I am very grateful for the way these veterans have admirably served both their country and their respective communities. I look forward to carrying on this tradition of honoring deserving veterans with this commendation. We will be presenting the Pflugerville and Bryan/College Station area awards during those communities ceremonies on Veterans Day, and we will present the Waco area recipient awards at a date in the near future.
Looking Forward
We continue to see the presidents broken promises on Obamacare, particularly his promise that if you like your health care plan, you'll be able to keep your health care plan, period. In the week ahead, the House will be back in session and consider the Keep Your Health Care Act. This legislation will allow plans available on the individual market today to be offered next year. It will provide millions of Americans the opportunity to keep their policies in 2014 and ensure that Americans keeping their plans would not face a penalty under Obamacares individual mandate.
As always, I encourage each of you to continue praying for our country during these challenging times, for our brave military men and women, and for our first responder personnel who selflessly serve to protect us each day.
With great respect,
Bill Flores
Member of Congress
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
Washington, DC
1030 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6105
Fax: (202) 225-0350
Bryan-College Station
3000 Briarcrest Drive
Suite 406
Bryan, TX 77802
Phone: (979)-703-4037
Fax: (979)-703-8845
Austin
14205 Burnet Road
Suite 230
Austin, TX 78728
Waco
400 Austin Ave. Suite 302
Waco, TX 76701
Phone: (254) 732-0748
Fax: (254) 732-1755
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here