
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to
share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear David,
This week, Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen
Sebelius testified before the Energy and Commerce Committee. I had the
opportunity to question her about the rollout of Obamacare and whether
the Administration was aware of the websites serious troubles or if
anyone had suggested a delay to address these
issues.
Despite a
recent news report ,
Secretary Sebelius stated that no senior White House official had
advised a delay of the Obamacare website. However, based on a
document
provided
by the website contractors, it is clear the Administration was aware
of the very serious problems it was having with the rollout of
Obamacare and that it needed more time to properly launch Healthcare.gov.
Rather than taking responsibility and delaying the rollout, the
Administration has demonstrated incompetence and an inability to uphold its
own deadlines, leading me to question its capacity to implement the
law itself.
VIDEO: Bilirakis
Questions Sebelius Regarding Obamacare Broken
Promises
Over time, the Administration will probably fix the problems with the
website, albeit at the expense of American taxpayers; however, the issues
with Obamacare do not solely lie within online enrollment. Millions
of Americans, including
more
than 300,000 Floridians , have already received notices
that their plans have been canceled due to Obamacare, despite the
President's repeated promises that "if you like your health care plan, you
can keep your health care plan.
Therefore, while I
have long-opposed Obamacare and believe the best solution is full repeal
and replacement of the law, it's time for the Administration to
accept responsibility for these failures and delay the individual mandate,
providing fairness to the hardworking Americans who are losing their
health care coverage and are being forced to sign-up on an unworkable
system.
Sincerely,
Gus
Bilirakis
Member of Congress
There are a number of bills working
their way through the U.S. House of Representatives to address the
steep National Flood Insurance rate increases many homeowners in our area
are experiencing. Therefore, I wanted to give you an update on the
Homeowners Flood Insurance
Act
and my efforts to address this issue. While I
support reforming the NFIP and delaying the rate increases, we must also
find a long-term solution that addresses both the solvency of the
program and affordability for homeowners.
VIDEO: Bilirakis Update On Efforts to Address Steep NFIP Rate
Increases
E-mail
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 