
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Investigation Into Allegations of Fabricated Jobs Report
On Wednesday, I sent a letter
to the heads of the
United States Department of Commerce, Department of Labor and
Securities and Exchange Commission requesting an investigation into
recent allegations that the Census Bureau may have fabricated data to
artificially lower the unemployment rate in monthly jobs reports.
This is a serious allegation that can have serious impacts on our
economy and our markets. The monthly jobs report provides critical data
that influences markets, industry and Federal Reserve policy. As the
ranking member of the Joint Economic Committee and a member of the
Commerce Committee, I am calling for an investigation into this matter.
One of the jobs reports in question, released in October 2012 just
ahead of the presidential election, showed that the unemployment rate
had dropped sharply from 8.1 percent to 7.8 percent even though the
economy had added only 114,000 jobs.
This administration has a serious trust deficit with the American
people. From Benghazi to the IRS enemies list and most recently, the
many broken promises with Obamacare, we have seen an alarming pattern
of a lack of transparency and a lack of accountability from this
administration.
These recent allegations regarding the jobs report only add to the
mistrust the American people have of this administration.
Click here
or on the image above
to watch me discuss this issue on FoxNews.
_____
Senate Democrats Use Nuclear Option
I joined CNN's The Lead with Jake Tapper to discuss Senate Democrats'
use of the "nuclear option," a move that changed the Senate rules for
confirming executive and judicial nominees with a simple majority. I
called this move an attempt to avoid the real crisis facing Americans -
Obamacare.
Click here
or on the image above to watch me
discuss this issue on CNN.Coats in the News
Coats Staff in LaGrange, Greencastle, Angola, Plainfield and Auburn on
Monday
Coats bill to disinter criminals advances
Coats asks EPA Administrator Why Agency Excluded Indiana from its
So-Called Listening Tour
Republicans speak out against Affordable Care Act numbers are released
Obamacare is broken law, so try new approach
_____
Stay Connected
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Investigation Into Allegations of Fabricated Jobs
Report
On Wednesday, I
sent
a letter
to the heads of the United States Department of Commerce, Department of Labor and
Securities and Exchange Commission requesting an investigation into recent allegations that the Census
Bureau may have fabricated data to artificially lower the unemployment rate in monthly jobs reports.
This is a serious allegation that can have serious impacts on our economy and our markets. The
monthly jobs report provides critical data that influences markets, industry and Federal Reserve policy.
As the ranking member of the Joint Economic Committee and a member of the Commerce Committee, I am calling
for an investigation into this matter.
One of the jobs reports in question, released in October 2012 just ahead of the presidential
election, showed that the unemployment rate had dropped sharply from 8.1 percent to 7.8 percent even
though the economy had added only 114,000 jobs.
This administration has a serious trust deficit with the American people. From Benghazi
to the IRS enemies list and most recently, the many broken promises with Obamacare, we have seen an alarming
pattern of a lack of transparency and a lack of accountability from this administration.
These recent allegations regarding the jobs report only add to the mistrust the American
people have of this administration.
Click here
or
on the image above to watch me discuss this issue on FoxNews.
Senate Democrats Use Nuclear Option
I joined CNN&#8217;s
The Lead with Jake Tapper
to discuss Senate Democrats&#8217; use
of the &#8220;nuclear option,&#8221; a move that changed the Senate rules for confirming executive and
judicial nominees with a simple majority. I called this move an attempt to avoid the real
crisis facing Americans &#8211; Obamacare.
Click
here
or on the image above to watch me discuss this issue on CNN.
Coats
in the News
Coats
Staff in LaGrange, Greencastle, Angola, Plainfield and Auburn on Monday
Coats
bill to disinter criminals advances
Coats
asks EPA Administrator Why Agency Excluded Indiana from its So-Called Listening Tour
Republicans
speak out against Affordable Care Act numbers are released
Obamacare
is broken law, so try new approach
Stay
Connected
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
