
Dear Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email newsletter. These
newsletters will cover a variety of topics, including events happening
in Indiana, legislation being considered in Congress, and my
perspective on current issues. My hope is to keep you updated and
informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome
your feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
_____
Give Thanks By Giving Back
The holiday season is a time of family traditions. Maybe it's playing
in the annual neighborhood football game while the turkey is roasting,
cooking grandma's secret recipes for the Thanksgiving feast or shopping
for Christmas bargains. But for some Americans, this Thanksgiving
holiday brings hardship. Earlier this month, powerful storms ripped
through Indiana and the Midwest, producing tornadoes that destroyed
homes and devastated communities.
As painful as it is for these families to lose their property and life's
possessions, we are incredibly thankful that no lives were lost in
Indiana during these destructive storms. Our neighbors in Illinois,
however, continue to need our prayers as they mourn the loss of loved
ones from Mother Nature's unforgiving force.
While tragedies like this always leave us struggling to find answers,
they remind us of the heroism and generosity of others. Empathy is
always more powerful than the storms that bring destruction and
despair. As the recovery and rebuilding process continues, let us not
forget all that we have to be thankful for - as Hoosiers and Americans.
As we spend the next few days with family and friends, let's take time
to count our blessings and find a way we can assist those who may be in
need.
I encourage you to add a new tradition to the holiday season and find a
way to give thanks by giving back. Maybe it's donating goods to those
affected by the recent storms. The Kokomo Perspective has listed a
number of ways you can help the storm victims HERE
.
Consider donating your time to a local shelter in your area. For those
in the Indianapolis area, one way you can give back is by participating
in the "Pack the Pantry" food drive.
My office has teamed up with The Children's Museum of Indianapolis to
host our second annual "Pack the Pantry" food drive to support the
Ronald McDonald House of Indiana. More than 1,400 families stay at the
Ronald McDonald House of Indiana each year as their child receives
life-saving treatment at the Riley Hospital for Children. The "Pack the
Pantry" food drive aims to make life a little easier for these
families.
>From Tuesday, December 3 to Saturday, December 7, your contribution of
canned goods, cleaning products and office supplies will go a long way
to assist these Hoosier families.
For more information on the food drive, please visit my website HERE
or call my
Indianapolis office at (317) 554-0750.
To view a comprehensive Ronald McDonald House wish list, please click
HERE
.
Items may be dropped off at the following locations:
The Children's Museum of Indianapolis
3000 North Meridian Street
Indianapolis, Indiana 46208
Ronald McDonald House of Indiana
435 Limestone Street
Indianapolis, Indiana 46202
Office of Senator Dan Coats
Market Tower
Suite 210
10 West Market Street
Indianapolis, Indiana
I am grateful for the honor and privilege of serving all Hoosiers in
the United States Senate. Marsha and I wish you a very happy
Thanksgiving. May God bless you and your family this holiday season.
Coats in the News
Indianapolis Star: Let's start over on Obamacare
Fort Wayne Journal Gazette: Visionary Coats takes lead to lower debt
Fort Wayne News Sentinel: There's a reason they call it the nuclear
option
Lousiville Courier-Journal: Sen. Dan Coats, eight other senators urge
Iran nuke weapons oversight
The Washington Times: Obamacare sign-up befuddles congressmen, too
_____
Stay Connected
_____
To unsubscribe please
Click Here
Contact Me
Latest News
Dear
Friend,
Thank you for signing up to receive my email
newsletter. These newsletters will cover a variety of topics,
including
events happening in Indiana, legislation being
considered
in Congress, and my perspective on current issues.
My
hope is to keep you updated and informed on how issues in Washington may impact Hoosiers. I welcome your
feedback.
Thanks for reading,
Dan Coats
Give Thanks By Giving Back
The holiday season is a time of family
traditions. Maybe it&#8217;s playing in the annual neighborhood football game while the turkey is roasting,
cooking grandma&#8217;s secret recipes for the Thanksgiving feast or shopping for Christmas bargains.
But for some Americans, this Thanksgiving holiday brings hardship. Earlier this month, powerful storms
ripped through Indiana and the Midwest, producing tornadoes that destroyed homes and devastated communities.
As painful as it is for these families
to lose their property and life&#8217;s possessions, we are incredibly thankful that no lives were lost
in Indiana during these destructive storms. Our neighbors in Illinois, however, continue to need
our prayers as they mourn the loss of loved ones from Mother Nature&#8217;s unforgiving force.
While tragedies like this always leave
us struggling to find answers, they remind us of the heroism and generosity of others. Empathy is always
more powerful than the storms that bring destruction and despair. As the recovery and rebuilding process
continues, let us not forget all that we have to be thankful for &#8211; as Hoosiers and Americans. As
we spend the next few days with family and friends, let&#8217;s take time to count our blessings and
find a way we can assist those who may be in need.
I encourage you to add a new tradition
to the holiday season and find a way to give thanks by giving back. Maybe it&#8217;s donating goods to
those affected by the recent storms. The Kokomo Perspective has listed a number of ways you can help
the storm victims
HERE .
Consider donating your time to a local
shelter in your area. For those in the Indianapolis area, one way you can give back is by participating
in the &#8220;Pack the Pantry&#8221; food drive.
My office has teamed up with The Children&#8217;s
Museum of Indianapolis to host our second annual &#8220;Pack the Pantry&#8221; food drive to support
the Ronald McDonald House of Indiana. More than 1,400 families stay at the Ronald McDonald House of Indiana
each year as their child receives life-saving treatment at the Riley Hospital for Children. The &#8220;Pack
the Pantry&#8221; food drive aims to make life a little easier for these families.
From Tuesday, December 3 to Saturday,
December 7, your contribution of canned goods, cleaning products and office supplies will go a long way
to assist these Hoosier families.
For more information on the food drive,
please visit my website
HERE
or
call my Indianapolis office at (317) 554-0750.
To view a comprehensive Ronald McDonald
House wish list, please click
HERE .
Items may be dropped off at the following
locations:
The Children&#8217;s Museum of Indianapolis
3000 North Meridian Street
Indianapolis, Indiana 46208
Ronald McDonald House of Indiana
435 Limestone Street
Indianapolis, Indiana 46202
Office of Senator Dan Coats
Market Tower
Suite 210
10 West Market Street
Indianapolis, Indiana
I am grateful for the honor and privilege
of serving all Hoosiers in the United States Senate. Marsha and I wish you a very happy Thanksgiving.
May God bless you and your family this holiday season.
Coats
in the News
Indianapolis
Star: Let's start over on Obamacare
Fort
Wayne Journal Gazette: Visionary Coats takes lead to lower debt
Fort
Wayne News Sentinel: There's a reason they call it the nuclear option
Lousiville
Courier-Journal: Sen. Dan Coats, eight other senators urge Iran nuke weapons oversight
The
Washington Times:
Obamacare
sign-up befuddles congressmen, too
Stay
Connected
To
unsubscribe please
Click
Here
Contact
Me Latest
News
