
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on
a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About Louise
Serving
You
Issues
25th District
Newsroom
Blog
Multimedia
Contact
Dear David,
On Thursday, November 14, 2013, Supreme
Court Justice Clarence Thomas headlined a fundraiser for a powerful
Washington think tank known as the Federalist Society. At the
fundraising dinner, he was interviewed by Judge Diane Sykes, a federal appeals
court judge for the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals.
By
helping to raise funds for the Federalist Society, Justice Thomas and Judge
Sykes defied Canon 4C of the
Code of Conduct for
U.S. Judges , which bars federal judges from using the prestige of
their judicial office for fundraising purposes and specifically states
that a judge may not be a speaker, a guest of honor, or featured on the
program of a fundraising event.
Judge Sykes is actively
bound by the Code of Conduct, and while the Supreme Court has
exempted itself from the code, Chief Justice John Roberts has said that the
code "plays the same role" for the Supreme Court as it does for other
federal judges.
In response to this unethical behavior, I
have
filed a formal ethics complaint
with the 7th
Circuit Court of Appeals against Judge Sykes and
sent a letter of complaint
about Justice Thomas conduct to Supreme
court Chief Justice John Roberts.
I also recently launched a
public petition calling on Supreme Court Chief Justice Roberts to
hold Justice Thomas accountable. As I write,
more than
140,000 Americans have signed my petition . I have not yet received
a response from Chief Justice Roberts.
Now more
than ever, it is vital that the Supreme Court formally adopts the Code of
Conduct for US Judges and ensures accountability and transparency in
our courts.
The guidelines contained in the
Code exist to ensure the public has faith that judicial decision-making
is based on the facts and the law, not politics and outside interests.
Unfortunately, based upon Justice Thomas recent actions, it is not
enough to simply rely upon the court to hold itself accountable.
Congress must act to ensure the Supreme Court plays by the same ethical rules
as all other federal judges. For this reason, I introduced
H.R. 2902, the Supreme Court Ethics Act , which would
require the Supreme Court to adopt a binding code of
ethics.
For me, this fight for ethics and transparency is a continuation of my
work to ban Congressional insider trading with the STOCK Act, which
passed into law last year. I am serious when I say that no matter your
position of power in Washington, you should be held to the same
standards of conduct and behavior as every other American
citizen.
As the highest court in the land and the ultimate arbiter of
justice in America, the integrity of Supreme Court justices should be
beyond reproach, and my legislation will ensure that we hold true to
the standards upon which this country was founded. You can count on me
to continue fighting to secure greater transparency and
accountability in all branches of
government.
Sincerely,
Tell A Friend
Forward this
email:
Rochester Office
3120 Federal
Building
100 State Street
Rochester, NY 14614
Phone:
(585) 232-4850
Fax: (585) 232-1954
Washington D.C. Office
2469 Rayburn HOB
Washington,
D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3615
Fax: (202) 225-7822
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
