
Hatch Dispatch: A Salute to Our
Veterans
Throughout our
nations history many have accepted the
challenge to serve as Americas guardians
of peace. Our democracy, our way of life, and our
freedom has been preserved time and time again by
the men and women who wear our nations
uniform. Americas veterans are my heroes.
And so today as we celebrate Veterans Day, let me
add my voice to so many others in gratitude for
our veterans who have displayed great courage,
dedication, and willingness to sacrifice, at
times even their very lives, to defend America
and its people.
In helping to
commemorate Veterans Day this weekend, I had the
distinct honor of presenting a Prisoner of War
(POW) Medal to 95-year-old retired U.S. Air Force
Lieutenant Colonel H. Grant Keeler from Layton,
Utah at the University of Utah football game. I
was overcome with the emotion displayed by the
grateful football crowd, who stood on their feet
in ovation to honor this wonderful gentleman for
his service to our country.
(Senator Hatch, Lt. Colonel Grant
Keeler, andUniversity of Utah President
David Pershing)
Lt. Colonel Keeler
was a prisoner of war for almost six months
during World War II after the plane he was
piloting was shot down over Merseburg, Germany on
November 2, 1944. Lt. Colonel Keeler and his crew
were immediately captured by German troops, and
he was first held at POW Camp Stalag LUFT III, 60
miles southeast of Berlin. Then, because of the
advancing Russian Army, Lt. Colonel Keeler was
moved to Stalag VII A at Moosburg, Germany, 30
miles northeast of Munich. He was freed on April
29, 1945 by U.S. General George Pattons
3rd Army Corps. He continued to serve in the
United States Air Force, ultimately retiring from
active duty as a Lieutenant Colonel at the Da
Nang Air Base in South Vietnam in 1971.
Lt. Colonel Keeler is
a truly courageous and patriotic American. Even
after being held in two POW camps, he continued
to serve in the United States military for more
than 26 years. It was a true privilege to stand
with Lt. Colonel Keeler and present him with this
great honor.
I also had the
privilege of meeting with the University of Utah
Army ROTC cadets. In our brief time together I
could truly feel their enthusiasm, and strong
commitment to serve our country. I am truly
humbled by our nations veterans, and it is
because of these great cadets, and veterans such
as Lt. Colonel Keeler, and so many others like
him, that we can continue to enjoy the sacred
gift of freedom.
(With the
University of Utah Army ROTC)
In celebrating
Veterans Day, let us all remember the words of
Katherine Lee Bates:
"O beautiful for heroes proved
In liberating strife,
Who more than self their country loved,
And mercy more than life!
America! America!
May God thy gold refine,
Till all success be nobleness
And every gain divine!"
Sincerely,
Orrin Hatch
Home
|
Contact
Us
|
Unsubscribe
This e-mail was sent to dj724530@gmail.com
Click here to unsubscribe
Senator Orrin Hatch
104 Hart Office Building
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-5251
Fax: (202) 224-6331