
Thursday, November 21
WEBSITE
|
SUBSCRIBE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
.
Friend,
Honor to the soldier and sailor everywhere, who bravely bears his country's cause. Honor, also, to the citizen who cares for his brother in the field and serves, as he best can, the same cause.
Abraham Lincoln
Today, we celebrate the two year anniversary of The VOW to Hire Heroes Act.
This bipartisan legislation ensured that our nation honors its commitment to the men and women of the armed forces.
With nearly 60,000 veterans in the 17th District, I recognize the importance of continued support for these tested members of our community.
This Act provides tax credits to businesses that hire unemployed veterans, requires mandatory civilian transition training for all service members separating from active duty, expands education benefits to unemployed veterans and allows veterans receive their veteran status on active-duty, while looking for a job.
While the VOW to Hire Heroes Act was a tremendous step in the right direction, as a member of Congress, my work to support veterans isnt done.
Last week I introduced a change to the House Rules so that the Speaker of the House or his designee would read the names of members of the Armed Forces who died in the previous month as a result of combat operations. Its incredibly important to me to honor those service members, and continually remind ourselves that what we do in Washington affects the lives of our men and women in the military.
I also introduced the Veterans Mental Health Accessibility Act and the Expedited Hiring for VA Trained Psychiatrists Act.
The Veterans Mental Health Accessibility Act would make any veteran, regardless of the dates of service, eligible for mental healthcare through the VA. The Expedited Hiring for VA Trained Psychiatrists Act would create a fast track hiring process for psychiatrists who train at Veterans Affairs facilities.
I also introduced the Military Family Leave Act, to allow those whose family members have received notification of impending active military duty to spend time with and support their family members by giving two weeks un-paid leave in the event of a deployment. Finally, I introduced the Military Spouse Job Continuity Act of 2013, which would offer a tax credit of up to $500 to any military spouse who has to renew or transfer a professional license due to a Permanent Change of Station order that takes them across state lines.
I look forward to working with my colleagues to pass these important pieces of legislation.
Today, there are over 250,000 unemployed American veterans. We must continue to support their efforts to find well-paying, stable jobs.
No one who fights for his or her country should struggle to find a job, to enter college, obtain the health care, or rest easy in retirement. As your Representative, it is my pledge, that I will do all I can to honor those sacrifices, to honor the service of the men and women of our Armed Forces.
If you would like to stay connected to our office with the latest news, legislation, and other useful information, please visit my website at
www.Cartwright.House.gov . You can also find me at www.facebook.com/CongressmanMattCartwright or at www.twitter.com/repcartwright.Thank you again for reaching out, and please do not hesitate to contact my office with any future questions or comments.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here