
A Message from Congressman Paul Broun
Broun Visits Bear Creek Middle School
Broun poses with the students who wrote him during Constitution Week
Last Friday, I traveled to Bear Creek Middle School to hand deliver letters to a special group of students. During Constitution week last month, my office sent letters to all of the Elementary and Middle Schools in Georgia's 10th Congressional district asking teachers to take some time in their classroom to discuss the history and importance of the U.S. Constitution. The letter also encouraged students to write back to me detailing what they had learned about this document, as well as what individual liberty meant to them.
Out of
the 300 letters my office received, 25 came from students at Bear Creek Middle School. I scheduled a special visit to Bear Creek to thank these students in person for their participation. Additionally, I delivered a response letter and a pocket-sized copy of the Constitution to each of the students who wrote to me. While addressing the crowd of students, I urged them to continue in their study of the Constitution as well as the writings of the Founding Fathers. I believe that the future of this country lies in the hands of students just like these from Bear Creek, and that the more they understand about the Constitution, the brighter a future our nation will have.
Click Here for More Photos...
Obamacare Hits Hard in Georgia
It has been almost one month since Obamacare went into full effect, and already the failures of this law go way beyond a broken website. Upon receiving a letter from her insurance provider, Blue Cross Blue Shield, Georgia resident Debbie Dooley, wrote into my office to share her concerns with the Presidents healthcare law.
In spite of President Obama's promise that individuals could keep their current health insurance, Ms. Dooley was notified that she would not be able to continue under her current plan.
Excerpt from Dooley's letter from Blue Cross Blue Shield
Dooley wrote, " They informed me that because of the requirements of ACA, my current plan is no longer offered but if I act now and renew early I can keep my current plan design in place until December 1, 2014. My premium will rise upon renewal from $ 217 monthly to $ 261 monthly. After December 1, 2014, my premium will almost double.
"
Just like Ms. Dooley, individuals across this nation are seeing tremendous hikes in their premiums, getting kicked off of their plans and losing access to their current doctors.
These are all things that President Obama promised would not happen under his healthcare law. We need leadership in Washington to help our nations citizens, not deceive them. I can assure you that the best way to help Americans is to get rid of Obamacare once and for all, and to replace it with common-sense legislation like my Patient Option Act.
The fight to defeat Obamacare was worth it -- and here's why
By
U.S. Rep. Paul C. Broun, M.D.
Guest Columnist
Saturday, Oct. 26, 2013
Conservatives dug their heels into the ground and took a stand for principles that would lead to prosperity for all Americans as they fought to dismantle the presidents health care law.
It was the fight that Americans had been waiting and hoping for. Conservatives were finally getting Washington to start listening to the American people and take decisive steps toward delaying and eventually stopping Obamacare.
Click Here to Continue Reading....
Quick Links
Press
Broun Talks About Constitution at Barrow County Middle School
Broun Supports Water Infrastructure Bill and Applauds Savannah Port Language
"This bill will help boost Georgias economy and create jobs by allowing the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project to finally move forward. It is vital that the Administration makes deepening the port a top priority and that we continue to work towards completion of this project.
Broun Remarks on the 68th Anniversary of the UN
Ive consistently fought against the United Nations efforts to overturn our constitutionally protected freedoms, and my American Sovereignty Act, a bill originally authored by my good friend Ron Paul, would end our struggle with the United Nations once and for all."
Press Releases
Click below to read recent Press Releases.
Multimedia
BROUN'S 4-WAY TEST
I am committed to protecting the constitutional rights and pocketbooks of every American. I will apply the following four-way test to every piece of legislation that comes before the House for a vote:
Is it Right/Moral?
Is it Constitutional?
Is it Necessary?
Is it Affordable?
Connect
RSS Feed
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Washington D.C.
2437 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4101
Fax: 202-226-0776
Athens
3706 Atlanta Hwy, Ste 2
Athens, GA 30606
Phone: 706-549-9588
Fax: 706-549-9590
Click Here Click Here