DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
"Affordable" Care Act Unaffordable for Families
This Veterans' Day, I
toured
Arkansas' First District, meeting with brave men and women from all over Arkansas to thank them for their service to our country. I was proud to stand with Senator John Boozman and state Senator Missy Irvin in Mountain View to honor Arkansas veterans.
Earlier this week, the Environmental Protection Agency
announced
for the first time ever that it would reduce the amount of ethanol required to be blended into gasoline nationwide under the Renewable Fuels Standard (RFS) mandate. The RFS is a market distorting federal mandate that must be reworked to reflect current market realities; this is a good step, but there is more work to be done.
The U.S. Fish &amp; Wildlife Service announced this week it would reverse its initial decision to close mitigation hatcheries in Norfork and Greers Ferry in the First District, a huge victory for the state. Senators Pryor and Boozman and Congressman Griffin and I released a
joint statement
reacting to this announcement.
This week, President
Bill Clinton
made it known that he stands with me in calling for the President to allow families who are experienced policy cancellations under the disastrous ObamaCare law to keep their original plans.
The Obama Administration
announced
this week that only 100,000 Americans had been able to select healthcare policies on the new HealthCare.gov website - only 20% of their initial goal for the first month of the ObamaCare rollout. This is further evidence that the American people are fed up with this law and are demanding its repeal.
Because of the rash of cancellations under the ObamaCare law, Arkansas families are hurting. I took to the floor of the House to
highlight
the story of the Mershon family of Gassville, Arkansas - whose only desire of their government is to get out of the way and allow them to make a good life for their child. I am continuing to fight for families like the Mershons who are being hurt by the President's failed healthcare law.
On Friday, the House passed the "Keep Your Health Plan Act" aimed at helping families like the Mershons. Read my statement on its passage
here .
My column this week focuses on how local families in Arkansas are experiencing higher premiums and cancelled policies under ObamaCare:
"Affordable" Care Act Unaffordable for Families
As the Representative for Arkansas First District, I have taken great pains to engage with families during the disastrous rollout of ObamaCare, to hear their concerns and problems with the law, and above all, to listen. The stories I have heard of cancelled policies, exploding premiums, and inflexible insurance plans anger and sadden me.
Earlier this month, my office was contacted by one mother and wife living in Northeast Arkansas whose family will experience great hardship as a direct result of this law.
With one child getting ready to graduate from college in a year, this concerned mother and her husband were suddenly notified that their premium would increase more than three times over the current amount. Although they were told they are free to explore their choices on the exchange, they would be forced to forfeit their employer contribution, with total costs far exceeding the already sky-high increases on their current plan. Working families like these had no advance notice to plan for this. It is becoming clearer every day that ObamaCare is truly failing working mothers and families just like this one.
Thursday, under pressure from the American people, the President announced that he would propose a one-year extension of cancelled policies under a grandfather clause included in the law. The Presidents delayed response to this calamity does not, however, address the fatal flaws with the underlying law, not least the $1.3 trillion in debt that will bust the budget and further burden our children. Additionally, a one year extension just does not live up to the promise repeated over and over by the President. He misled the American people. That trust has been broken. Now, even with such an extension, millions across the country and many at home in Arkansas are still facing the prospect of being unable to afford adequate coverage as a direct effect of his Affordable Care Act. That is wrong.
I have opposed this law at every opportunity. My position, about which I have been consistent and clear, is to fight to see this law repealed, dismantled, and to start over. Stories like these are the reason why. Americans are hurting right now as a result of this law. Arkansas families deserve better than this, and I will continue fighting to represent their best interests on this issue.
Please forward this message to friends or family members who might be interested. You can also direct them to my
website to sign up
for regular updates.
Washington, DC Office
1711 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4076
Fax: (202) 225-5602
Cabot Office
112 S. 1st St.
Cabot, AR 72023
Phone: (501) 843-3043
Fax: (501) 843-4955
Jonesboro Office
2400 Highland Drive, Ste 300
Jonesboro, AR 72401
Phone: (870) 203-0540
Fax: (870) 203-0542
Mountain Home Office
1001 Highway 62 E, Suite 9
Mountain Home, AR 72653
Phone: (870) 424-2075
Fax: (870) 424-3149
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here