DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Home
About
District
Constituent Services
Issues
Newsroom
Contact
November 3, 2013
Congressional Update
Howdy Texans!
A little over two weeks ago, Congress passed a short-term continuing resolution (CR) that funded the federal government and raised the debt ceiling. Since then, the House has passed various pieces of legislation including a bill to improve future water resources development activities and my bill to improve economic opportunities for veterans. In this newsletter, I will discuss the CR and my reasons for voting against it.
I will also talk about what the House has achieved from our continuing efforts to create a smaller, less costly, and more accountable federal government. Additionally, I will discuss our conservative proposal for a better way forward to reform Americas healthcare system.
I also invite you to a hearing I will be holding this week in Waco regarding veterans employment opportunities in Texas.
Continuing Resolution / Debt Ceiling
After 16 days of having the federal government closed and our nation on the brink of defaulting on our debt, a group of Senators proposed legislation to reopen the federal government and to temporarily raise the debt ceiling. They created this short-term solution after rejecting four House passed CR's to fully fund the government (avoiding/stopping the shutdown) and 17 House bills to fund critical portions of the government. With the exception of two bills that pertained to military pay and benefits, the Senate ignored all of the House funding proposals.
The Senate legislation provided funding for the federal government through January 15 and raised the debt limit through February 7. Additionally the legislation instructs the Senate and House to come together on their respective budgets with a conference report and produce a budget agreement by December 13.
I voted against the Senates proposal because this legislation allows the debt ceiling to be increased without any of the much-needed reforms to fix our countrys critical fiscal challenges; it does not address the operational flaws and exploding costs of the newest federal entitlement, Obamacare; and it does not address other much needed economic growth policies such as tax reform, regulatory reform, and energy security solutions.
While this legislation reopens the doors to the federal government and avoids default, it does nothing to address the true drivers of our debt. Congress needs to quit kicking the can down the road and address Americas critical fiscal challenges sooner rather than later. With each day that Congress delays dealing with this issue, the adverse impact on the economic opportunities for future generations become increasingly harder to resolve. I remain committed to addressing our nations fiscal crisis and to improving the economic outlook for our children and grandchildren. Now more than ever, we must work towards a fiscally sustainable America through balanced budgets, job creation, economic growth, and energy security.
House Achievements
Although the legislation discussed above ignores our critical fiscal challenges, earlier actions by the House during the past 2-1/2 years have improved the nation's fiscal outlook. As a result of actions by conservatives in the House, for the first time since the Korean War, total federal spending has gone down for two years in a row. This is largely due to the tight spending limits set forth in the Budget Control Act of 2011 (BCA), resulting in the most significant spending reductions in American history. The BCA also represents the largest deficit reduction legislation in history without tax increases.
Furthermore, in late 2012, House legislation also successfully protected 99% of Americans from future tax increases while ensuring that almost all of the Bush era tax policies were made permanent, including the death tax and lower rates on capital gains and dividends.
While these actions by the House have made a difference in our country's fiscal outlook, we still have a long way to go to balance the federal budget. The House Majority fully intends to keep working to enact meaningful reforms to secure long-term fiscal health for our country. Our goals are to restore America's promise, prosperity, and security by creating a smaller, less costly, and more accountable federal government.
WRRDA
On Wednesday, October 23, the House passed the Water Resources Reform and Development Act (WRRDA). This legislation provides reforms to water infrastructure projects that cut federal red tape and bureaucracy; streamlines the project delivery process; promotes fiscal responsibility; and strengthens our water transportation networks to promote competitiveness, prosperity, and economic growth. I was successful in adding an amendment to the bill which would prohibit the programs or actions authorized under WRRDA from being used to further implement ocean zoning under the Administration's National Ocean Policy.
Click on the image above to view Congressman Flores remarks regarding his amendment to WRRDA.
Veterans Economic Opportunity Act
It is important that we continue to ensure that our veterans receive the benefits which they earned through their service and sacrifice. On Monday October 28, the House passed the Veterans Economic Opportunity Act, which I introduced earlier this year. This legislation clarifies the process to assist veterans in choosing the best GI bill benefit and provides for improvements of several veterans programs which promote economic opportunities for veterans. It contains provisions to establish the Veterans Economic Opportunity Administration, which will improve oversight over VAs Education, Vocational Rehabilitation, and Home Loan programs, and the Center for Veterans Enterprise. This will help reform, simplify, and enhance these important VA programs that help veterans reach economic success. We must continue working to reform and improve the programs and benefits for our servicemembers and their families, who have given so much for our country.
Click on the image above to view Congressman Flores remarks regarding the Veterans Economic Opportunity Act.
Texas Innovative Approaches to Jobs and Employment for Veterans
On November 6, I will be holding a Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity oversight field hearing at Baylor University. The hearing is open to the public and is entitled Texas Innovative Approaches to Jobs and Employment for Veterans.
It will focus on the employment opportunities for veterans in Texas, specifically demonstrating the fertile and versatile employer environments, hiring programs, and educational opportunities that exist in the state. The hearing will include participation from a diverse set of fields including higher education, technical training, private sector employers, entrepreneurs, and government agencies. For more information about the hearing please visit
Flores.house.gov/VAEO .
The American Health Care Reform Act
In my last newsletter, I mentioned the American Health Care Reform Act (H.R. 3121). I would like to take some more time to further discuss this common-sense solution to health care reform that conservative House Members have worked to put together. We recognize that patient-centered reforms rooted in free markets are the best way to lower costs and solve problems in our health care system. The American Health Care Reform Act will fully repeal Obamacare, encourage competition by allowing Americans to purchase health insurance across state lines, and reform medical malpractice laws while maintaining strong protections for patients. It allows families and individuals to deduct health care costs, just like employers, thus leveling the playing field for all Americans. The American Health Care Reform Act also expands access to Health Savings Accounts, safeguards individuals with pre-existing conditions, and protects the unborn by ensuring no federal funding is used for abortions. There is a better way to reform Americas health care system and the American Health Care Reform Act is a common-sense solution that offers real solutions with no mandates, taxes, or bureaucrat interference between you and your doctor.
Looking Forward
Now that the federal government has been reopened, the House will continue its work to address our nations critical needs
growing jobs, encouraging economic growth, balancing the budget, making the federal government more efficient and more accountable, and developing solutions for American energy security.
As always, I encourage each of you to continue praying for our country during these challenging times, for our brave military men and women, and for our first responder personnel who selflessly serve to protect us each day.
With great respect,
Bill Flores
Member of Congress
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Tell a Friend
Washington, DC
1030 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-6105
Fax: (202) 225-0350
Bryan-College Station
3000 Briarcrest Drive
Suite 406
Bryan, TX 77802
Phone: (979)-703-4037
Fax: (979)-703-8845
Austin
14205 Burnet Road
Suite 230
Austin, TX 78728
Waco
400 Austin Ave. Suite 302
Waco, TX 76701
Phone: (254) 732-0748
Fax: (254) 732-1755
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here