
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
November 21, 2013
Northglenn Constituent Obtains More Affordable Insurance through ConnectforHealthCO
Connect for Health Colorado
is a new way for Coloradans to buy health insurance and access new financial assistance to reduce costs. More than 53,000 Coloradans are using the new marketplace to find quality health insurance, and more than 71,000 Coloradans already created accounts.
Benefits start on January 1, 2014 for those who purchase before December 15. For more information on how to signup,
click here .
How the Healthcare Exchange Helped Nancy from Northglenn
"We received a notice that my insurance was being canceled and I was glad to get rid of it"
"My name is Nancy, age 60. I have a pre-existing condition of epilepsy I developed when, as a child I was hit in the head by a swing seat on school yard grounds.
I was only able to get health care after starting our own business with a group rate.
But this rate was just under $800 a month, just for the privilege to see a doctor. Then in 2012 I had a heart attack, and because of the high deductibles in our insurance, we spent over 51% of our retirement income on health care that year.
This year, we received a notice that my insurance was being cancelled.
Now, I'm glad it was! I shopped for new health insurance through ConnectforHealthCO. We had a little problem when we went to ConnectforHealthCO to look for a plan, but that problem is pale as compared to worrying that we might go bankrupt for healthcare reasons. The policy I now will be getting in January is over $200 less a month, with no deductibles, and a better policy. If you have a policy that is being canceled because of the Affordable Health Care Act, then shop on the exchange and you could find a much better policy. "
- Nancy
FEMA and SBA registration deadline extended for disaster survivors
Because of the long holiday weekend, FEMA and the SBA extended the deadline to register for assistance to December 2, 2013. You can register with FEMA at
DisasterAssistance.gov
or call (800) 621-3362. For the Small Business Administration, visit
sba.gov/disaster
or call (800) 659-2955.
For more information on flood recovery efforts, visit the State of Colorado's new recovery website,
ColoradoUnited.com .
Happy Thanksgiving!
Like many Coloradans, next week I look forward to getting together with friends and family, cooking a turkey and maybe watching a little football! But this holiday is also about reflection on giving thanks, and here in Colorado, we have a lot to be grateful for.
We can be grateful for the brave Americans serving overseas, defending our freedom and providing our country with security and peace of mind. And more than just thoughts, we can show our thanks by ensuring these men and women are honored with the best medical care and job opportunities upon returning from service.
We can give thanks for the first responders and emergency personnel who helped us recover from severe flooding and wildfires this year. These local, state and federal workers ventured into harm's way in order to help Coloradans.
And we can be thankful for our families, friends, neighbors and communities. They are the foundations of support to which we turn when we face challenges and crisis. They share our hardships as well as our fortunes because when we do things together, the burden of our hardship is easier and our successes are greater.
I'm thankful I have the privilege to represent all the hardworking people of our 7th Congressional District.
I hope everyone has a wonderful Thanksgiving.
I am now accepting applications for spring internships
If you are a student interested in learning about Congress or the federal government, there are internships available in my Colorado and Washington offices. Students have the opportunity to learn about federal policy and receive credit for their course work.
Click here
for more information.
You're invited!
I am hosting my annual Open House on Saturday, December 7 from 12-2 at my Lakewood office. If you have questions about legislation, constituent services programs, or are interested in meeting with me or my staff, please stop by. I look forward to meeting you.
When:
Saturday, December 7 from noon to 2PM.
Where:
Congressman Perlmutter's Colorado Office - 12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite B-400 - Lakewood, CO 80215 |
MAP
Click here to RSVP
or call my office at (303) 274-7944.
Congressman Ed Perlmutter
Unsubscribe
Washington DC Office
1410 Longworth House Office
Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: 202.225.2645
Fax: 202.225.5278
District Office
12600 West Colfax Avenue, Suite
B-400
Lakewood, CO 80215
Phone: 303.274.7944
Fax: 303.274.6455
Please do not reply to this email.
To contact me, please
click here
and let me know your thoughts on how I can better represent your beliefs and values in our nation's Capitol.
