
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message
online .
Home
About Randy
Serving You
News
Our
District
Contact
November 08, 2013
Honoring Those who Serve
This
Veterans Day weekend, we pause to honor those in our Armed Forces who are
defending this great nation and renew our commitment to the brave men
and women who have served and continue to serve us. I offer my deepest
gratitude and appreciation to the 765,000 veterans in Illinois and
47,500 in the 14 th
district.
Please
see below for a sampling of events going on in the 14 th
District surrounding Veterans Day. As our veterans continuously display
acts of self-sacrifice, admiration and allegiance to our country, I
encourage you to attend and show your
support.
I am looking
forward to honoring our veterans at the ceremony in Batavia on Monday
beginning at 10:00 a.m, and I hope to see some of you
there.
Further below is information about veteran resources, programs and
volunteer opportunities.
With great pride I have
cosponsored and voted for several bills strengthening veteran access to
well-deserved benefits including health care and disability claims. I
want to ensure their selfless service to our country is recognized and
afford them opportunities to enhance their quality of
life.
H. Res. 231 - Establishing a
Select Committee on POW and MIA Affairs . More than 83,000
United States personnel from all wars are still unaccounted for,
including MIAs and POWs missing and captured. H. Res. 231 would provide for
a full investigation into all unresolved matters relating to United
States personnel unaccounted for from all wars and make recommendations
for immediate
actions.
H.R. 241 - Veterans Timely Access to Health Care Act .
Our brave men and women who have sacrificed much to serve our country
deserve the best and timeliest medical treatment.
H.R. 241 would
ensure veteran access to hospital and medical care within 30 days from
the date of original contact with the Department of Veterans Affairs.
This Act would further direct the VA Secretary to conduct a review of
VA medical facilities to ensure this deadline is met, requiring
quarterly reports to congressional veterans committees regarding waiting
times.
H.R.
2189
- To improve the processing of disability claims
by the Department of Veterans Affairs . This bill would
establish a commission or task force to evaluate the backlog of disability
claims of the Department of Veterans
Affairs.
H.R. 235
- Veteran
Emergency Medical Technician Support Act of 2013 . This bill
would amend the Public Health Service Act to direct the Secretary of
Health and Human Services (HHS) to establish a demonstration program for
states with a shortage of emergency medical technicians (EMTs) and to
streamline state requirements and procedures to assist veterans who
completed military EMT training while serving in the Armed Forces to
meet state EMT certification, licensure and other
requirements.
In Your
Service,
Randy
Hultgren
Member of Congress
14th District,
Illinois
Upcoming
Events:
Aurora, IL: November 11, 2013
City of Auroras annual
Veterans Day Parade and Ceremony will begin at 10:15 a.m. at Benton St.
and Broadway Ave. in downtown Aurora. The parade features numerous
veterans organizations, various honor guard units, schools and other local
organizations. The parade ends with a remembrance ceremony in front
of the Grand Army of the Republic building, 23 E. Downer
Place.
Batavia, IL: November 11, 2013
Batavia,
Veterans Day Ceremony at The Hangar: 645 South River Street (IL Route 25)
on the east side of the Fox River in Batavia, Illinois.
Performances by the Aurora Christian Choir and Colonel Paul Hastings as guest
speaker. Event begins at 10:00 a.m. followed by a gun salute at 11:00
a.m. For more information, contact Marcia Maytum: (630)
879-9630.
Cantigy Park, Wheaton, IL: November 11,
2013
Luminaria beginning at sunset (about 5:00 p.m.) - 9:00
p.m.
Veterans Voices Presentation: 6:00 p.m. and 8:00
p.m.
The program
features living history re-enactors reading actual letters written and
posted by soldiers through the years. Cantigny Post 556 of the
American Legion will host tables at the museum and Visitors Center and the
Cantigny Shop. Berties Coffee Shop will be open throughout the evening
and will offer a cup of coffee to all veterans during the luminary
display.
Free Event, No parking fee. For more information, please
call: (630) 260-8187
DeKalb, IL: November 13,
2013
The DeKalb Firefighters, in conjunction with the Associated
Firefighters of Illinois Warrior Program, has reached the goal of purchasing
a vehicle for a severely wounded Illinois veteran. They will be
presenting the new vehicle to a solider from Southern Illinois, who was
wounded in combat while serving in Afghanistan in 2012. This presentation
will take place at the Northern Illinois University Home Football game
on November 13th. For more information, contact Luke Howieson: (815)
748-8490.
Joliet, IL: November 11,
2013
Beginning around 10:00 a.m., a ceremony will be held outside Will
County courthouse located at 14 W. Jefferson St. in Joliet. All
attendees may enjoy a complimentary breakfast following the
ceremony.
McHenry, IL: November 11, 2013
There will be a
10:00 a.m. honor guard ceremony at the McHenry VFW followed by a free
luncheon for all veterans. McHenry VFW Post #4600 is located at 3002
W. Route 120.
North Aurora, IL: November 11,
2013
The North Aurora Veteran's Day Ceremony will be held at
2:00 p.m. at the North Aurora Veterans Memorial located at the
intersection of Farview Drive and Willow Way in North Aurora.
All are
welcome to attend.
North Aurora, IL: November
7-11, 2013
The Moving Wall Veteran Memorial Wall will be on
Display from November 7 - 11, 2013, at West Aurora High School. This is a
half-sized replica of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington D.C.
The 58,282 names listed on the Memorial represent the sacrifices of a
generation during this time in our history. For more information and
a schedule of this event, visit:
http://www.vietnammovingwallaurora.org/page3.htm
Oswego, IL: November 9-11, 2013
Join the Little White School Museum
as they honor Oswego area men and women who have served our country.
Exhibits will include military artifacts, uniforms, equipment,
souvenirs, and showcases home front memorabilia from World War I through
Operation Desert Storm. The "Veterans' Remembrance" event will be held and
all exhibits on display Saturday, November 9 (9:00 a.m.-4:00 p.m.);
Sunday, November 10 (12:00 p.m.-4:00 p.m.) and Monday, November 11 (9:00
a.m.-4:00 p.m.).
St. Charles, IL: November
11, 2013
The City of St. Charles Annual Veterans Day Ceremony
is Sunday, November 11 at 10:40 a.m. at the Freedom Shrine, behind the
St. Charles Police Station, 211 N. Riverside Avenue.
The
ceremony will begin with a reading of the official Veterans Day
Proclamation, followed by an invocation, salute to the flag, a 21-gun salute and
the playing of Taps. All are welcome to
attend.
Yorkville, IL: November 10, 2013
Chapel Veteran's Day
Program: Chapel on the Green in Yorkville.
Doors open at 1:00 p.m.
Program begins at 2:00 p.m.
You will hear a variety of stories and
reflections from a number of vets who have served in various branches
of the military. Following the presentations, you can enjoy some
refreshments and spend time talking with the speakers. There is no charge
for this Chapel event however, donations are always
appreciated.
Resources and Volunteer
Opportunities:
IL Department of
Veteran's Affairs
The Illinois
Department of Veterans Affairs (IDVA) runs 46 full-time and 35 part-time
offices in 80 out of the 102 counties. The IDVA assists veterans in
their search for services and benefits available to them,
including:
Compensation and
Pension
Health
Care
Education &amp; Training
Employment
Burial &amp; Survivor
Housing
Permits
Transportation
Military Records
Look up
your
Nearest Veteran Service
Office
here.
Stand Up and Be
Counted
By
Standing Up and Be Counted ,
you will also be assisting your fellow veterans by helping IDVA and the
entire veteran advocacy community to gain a better understanding of
whom and where Illinois' veterans are. This will help us plan for future
services, fight for further federal VA funding and facilities and
generally serve Illinois' veterans better.
IL Warrior Assistance
Program
The
Illinois
Warrior Assistance Program
offers free and confidential
assistance for returning Illinois Veterans. Our goal is to help service members
and families deal with emotional challenges they may be facing as
they transition back to their daily lives.
Veterans Care Program
The
Veterans' Care
Program
is designed to provide comprehensive, affordable healthcare to
Illinois' uninsured veterans. The Veterans Care Program covers those
veterans who cannot currently access Veterans Health Administration's
benefits and who meet specific income
requirements.
Women Veterans'
Care
Women Veterans who are interested in
receiving care at VA should
contact their nearest VA Medical Center
and ask for
the Women Veterans Program Manager. For a list of more:
http://www.mentalhealth.va.gov/womenvets.asp
Resources
To navigate through benefits such as education
and vocational rehabilitation compensation, education, life
insurance, and pension, as well as check your claims status, access a Benefits
Rates Table, or seek Beneficiary Financial Counseling, please visit
http://benefits.va.gov/benefits/
To access the federal benefits
booklet for Veterans, Dependants, and Survivors:
http://www.va.gov/opa/publications/benefits_book.asp
For information regarding health and
well-being, such as crisis prevention, prescriptions and PTSD please
access
http://www.va.gov/health/
What You Can
Do
Holiday Mail for Heroes is a service offered by Red Cross and
the assistance of their first-rate volunteers. Holiday greeting cards
should be addressed and sent to:
Holiday
Mail for Heroes
P.O. Box 5456
Capitol Heights, MD
20791-5456
** Red Cross Card
Guidelines Available on Website **
Deadline is December 6th. Holiday
cards received after this date cannot be guaranteed
delivery.
Help Our Troops
Donations
Monetary donations
through Red Cross including caregiver training, phone cards and
comfort kits for wounded service members can be made at:
https://american.redcross.org/site/Ecommerce?FOLDER=1273&amp;store_id=7945
VA Homeless Veterans
Program
The U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development estimated that
62,619
veterans were homeless on any given night last year. There are plenty
of opportunities to offer a hand to ensure that these heroes have a
roof over their head.
The
VA
is committed to ending Veteran
homelessness by the end of 2015. In fact, VA is the only Federal agency that
provides substantial hands-on assistance directly to homeless persons.
Although limited to veterans and their dependents, VA's major
homeless-specific programs constitute the largest integrated network of
homeless treatment and assistance services in the
country.
The National Coalition for Homeless Veterans
is a nonprofit
network of local, state and federal agencies that provides housing, food,
health services and job training to thousands of homeless veterans
every year.
The
Midwest Shelter for Homeless Veterans
located in
Wheaton, IL provides transitional and affordable housing programs and
supportive services to U.S. veterans of any era to help them back to
useful, productive lives.
Veterans
Struggling with Mental Health
Issues
The VA estimates that around
20
veterans
committed suicide every day in 2012. With a host of complex issues
contributing to veteran suicide, several organizations seek to address the
distressing issues these vets face to keep them from taking their own
lives.
The Veterans Crisis Line
connects veterans
with members in the VA through phone, chat or text, to provide care
and even life-saving rescues to vets during this critical
time.
Give An Hour
calls on mental health professionals to
donate an hour of their time to troops and their
families.
Veterans with
Disabilities
About
25
percent
of recent vets come home injured. Missing limbs, burns, spinal
cord injuries and post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) are among the
crushing conditions these veterans face in civilian life. Several
organizations reach out to injured veterans and their families to help them
heal and adapt to living with a disability.
The
Wounded Warrior Project
helps veterans with both their physical and
invisible wounds -- with a special emphasis on stress relief -- as they
adjust to life on the home front.
Homes For Our
Troops
raises money and provides services to build specially adapted
homes for injured heroes.
Unemployed Vets
Just this fall,
6.3 percent of the nations veterans were
unemployed , with post-9/11 vets facing a 10 percent unemployment
rate. These organizations and others are providing much-needed help
for vets in todays job market.
Wall Street War
Fighters
six-month in-residence course for vets and extensive training is provided
to prepare vets for a career in the finance
industry.
Hire Heroes
USA
creates job opportunities for vets by providing personalized job
training from other vets who have business
experience.
For additional ways to volunteer or get involved, visit the
Volunteer or Donate
page to contact your local
VAVS Program Manager.
Contact
Information
Washington,
DC
332 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2976
Fax: (202)
225-0697
Geneva Office
1797 State Street Suite A
Geneva, IL 60134
Phone: (630) 232-7104
Fax: (630)
232-7174
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
