
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share
it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
ME
|
CONSTITUENT
SERVICES
|
ISSUES
NEWS
&amp; MEDIA
|
4th
DISTRICT
|
CONTACT
November 05, 2013
Dear Friend,
Here is a
quick update with the latest in what is happening in Washington and around
Alabama's 4th District. As always, please let me know whenever I can
be of assistance.
Keep in touch
and
remember to follow me on
Twitter
and
Facebook . Also, for updated information check out my
virtual office
and encourage your friends and family to sign-up
for my monthly e-newsletter, the
Aderholt
Address .
Sincerely,
Robert B.
Aderholt
Member of Congress
Five Things That President Misrepresented
to America About Obamacare
As
October has come to a close, we see new evidence every day confirming
our many concerns with President Obamas Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act (PPACA). Amidst the chaos that has surrounded the rollout
of Obamacare, many of these broken promises have escaped scrutiny from
the national media and been overshadowed by the dysfunction of
Obamacares website, HealthCare.gov. Below is a list of broken promises told
by President Obama and the Democrat leadership when pitching
Obamacare to the American public.
What the President also offered
at the time as facts have turned out to be inaccurate, or even
undermined by his own political appointees who wrote the regulations by
which Obamacare is implemented.
1. President Obamas
pledge that, if you like your health care plan, you can keep your health
care plan is perhaps one of the most memorable, and false of his
presidency to date. To be exact, President Obama said and I remember it
quite well, If you like your doctor, you will be able to keep
your doctor, period. If you like your health care plan, youll be able to
keep your health care plan, period. No one will take it away, no
matter what. He said almost these exact words repeatedly in press
conferences, town hall meetings, and interviews
both before and after
the bill was signed into law.
Yet in past weeks hundreds of
thousands of Americans have already received letters from their insurance
companies notifying them that their current policies have already been
cancelled and will not be renewed.
Additionally, the
President's appointees wrote regulations deliberately making many existing
plans illegal under the Act.
To make matters worse, some of
these same individuals are discovering that they are facing anywhere from
100 to 250 percent increase in the cost of their healthcare
coverage.
Recent studies estimate that roughly 16 million of
the 20 million Americans who purchase their insurance independently on
the U.S. individual health insurance market may lose their coverage.
An additional 4 million Americans currently covered through their work
are predicted to lose insurance benefits as well. This means that
even if the Obama administration reaches its prediction of providing
coverage for 30 million of the 48 million uninsured Americans, it could
very well also result in the cancellation of policies for 20 million or
more who currently have coverage.
These individuals could then
be forced to go onto the healthcare exchange to obtain new coverage or
pay the penalty for not having coverage.
2.
On numerous occasions, President Obama told us that his healthcare plan
would lower insurance premiums by an average of $2,500 per year for
the typical American family. Evidence is showing that this could not be
further from the truth. Studies and analyses from the Congressional
Budget Office, independent actuaries, state insurance commissioners,
health plans, benefit consultants, and others have reached the same
conclusion: Obamacare will significantly increase premiums.
According to a recent study by the Kaiser Family Foundation, in
anticipation of the roll out of the new healthcare exchanges, average premiums
for family coverage (defined in the report as coverage for a
family of four) have already increased from $13,375 in 2009 to $16,531
in 2013. The cost for family coverage grew by $2,976 during President
Obamas first term alone, but thats nothing compared to what experts
are projecting. Studies show that Obamacare will, in its first ten
years alone, increase healthcare spending by roughly $621 billion
dollars above the amounts that Americans would have spent without
it.
3. Just days before HeathCare.gov
was to be rolled
out,
President Obama said, Starting on Tuesday, every American
can visit HealthCare.gov to find out whats called the insurance
marketplace for your state,. Now, this is real simple.
Its a
website where you can compare and purchase affordable health insurance
plans, side-by-side, the same way you shop for a plane ticket on Kayak,
the same way you shop for a TV on Amazon. A full month after the
failed launch of HealthCare.gov, the website that is the primary
vehicle for enrollment into the healthcare marketplace set up by Obamacare,
the Obama administration has still been unable to address the many
problems, crashes and delays plaguing the website. Despite more than
three years of preparation and $634 million of taxpayer money spent
developing the site, the minor glitches, as described by President Obama,
leave HealthCare.gov all but broken, making it next to impossible for
Americans to enroll in Obamacare.
The Administration
anticipates that the website should be fully functional by the end of November,
leaving about 15 days for individuals who need coverage in place by
January 1, 2014 to sign up who need their plans to be processed by
December 15 and in place by the new year.
The primary contract to
build this website was sole-sourced to CGI Federal, the U.S. arm of
Canadian-based CGI Group, instead of awarded by competition; there has been
no explanation by the Administration regarding why there was no
competition.
4. The Obama administration has
promised us repeatedly that Obamacare would create millions of new jobs.
The only new jobs I have seen created are those recently hired to clean
up the mess and fix the broken website, HealthCare.gov. The President
recently told an audience in Largo, Maryland that, There is no
widespread evidence that the Affordable Care Act is hurting jobs, he
said.
Contrary to this claim, Investors Business Daily
recently reported that as a direct result of Obamacare, more than 300
companies have either eliminated jobs or reduced full time jobs to part
time jobs. This news comes as hospitals across the country are also
laying off staff and reducing work hours.
5.
Finally, we were told repeatedly that Obamacare would not increase the
deficit and furthermore, that its price tag would be around $900 billion
over 10 years. "Now, add it all up, and the plan I'm proposing will cost
around $900 billion over 10 years, President Obama said.
But the latest reports from the Congressional Budget Office and
Government Accountability Office show that the healthcare overhaul is
projected to cost $1.76 trillion over a decade, a $820 billion accounting
error, and will increase the long-term federal deficit by $6.2
trillion.
The Affordable Care Act is one of the
most potentially damaging pieces of legislation that has come out of Washington
in years. I have spoken out against this legislation since day one,
and you can rest assured that I will continue to do what I can to work
against it until it is defunded, substantially changed or completely
repealed.
Recent
Happenings
Here are some photos from recent events and meetings across the
4 th
District of Alabama and in Washington,
DC.
Congressman
Aderholt addresses members of the Tuscaloosa Chamber of
Commerce
Congressman Aderholt meets SkillsUSA participants from
Alabama
Congressman Aderholt takes a photo with
some of the Cullman Area Chamber of Commerce group after a
meeting
OFFICE LOCATIONS
Washington D.C. Office
2369 Rayburn House
Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
Cullman District Office
205 Fourth Ave. NE, Ste 104
Cullman, AL 35055
Tuscumbia District Office
1011 George Wallace Blvd
Suite 146
Tuscumbia, AL 35674
Jasper District Office
247 Carl Elliott Building
1710 Alabama Avenue
Jasper, AL 35501
Gadsden District Office
107
Federal Building
600 Broad
Street
Gadsden, AL 35901
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
