
NEWS FROM WASHINGTON
Greetings,
As we come to the close of another busy legislative work period, I'd like to take a minute to update you on my latest work in Washington.
Protecting your personal data
In this week's House Energy &amp; Commerce Committee Healthcare.gov data security hearing, other committee members and I heard testimony on the Obama administration's efforts to protect private citizens' sensitive health care data on the online marketplaces.
Hearing recent concerns that the site would become a central target for hackers and online thieves, House Republicans and I have made the protection of your data one of our top priorities. Healthcare.gov's rollout has been completely unacceptable, but we must work to ensure that the site's data security operations aren't fumbled as well; It would be an even bigger disaster for the American people.
Experts blast Healthcare.gov
An expert panel of four cyber-security analysts and computer scientists unanimously testified to House Science and Technology Committee members this week that - given Healthcare.gov's known pre-rollout condition -
it shouldn't have been launched . Furthermore three of four panelists concluded that the site should still be shut down today, while the remaining panelist said that he would need more information to make a judgment.
Since October 1, numerous
reports
of the website's rushed
testing period
yielding negative results, with the website builders notifying the administration of the problems continue to flood in. And they don't seem to be drying up anytime soon. Even as recent as this morning, it was
reported
that - just days before launch - the site was incapable of hosting a measly 500 users.
Spreading the message
In case you missed it: I've recently brought my fight against the President's disastrous healthcare law to the airwaves. Last Friday, I chatted 'On the Record' with Greta Van Susteren about the administration's false assurances leading up to Healthcare.gov's rollout. And just yesterday, Congresswoman Renee Ellmers (NC-2) and I joined "America's Newsroom" for a discussion about Obamacare's looming doctor and hospital shortages. Watch them both below.
Click to watch Rep. Gingrey chat 'On the Record' with Greta Van Susteren.
Click to watch Rep. Gingrey and Rep. Ellmers on America's Newsroom.
Remembering Rep. Ike Skelton
In late October, former House Representative Ike Skelton of Missouri passed away alongside his closest family members. Ike and I served on the Armed Services Committee together for six years, where we forged a close friendship. His military expertise and willingness to reach across the aisle helped him build a strong reputation as a statesman of the finest caliber.
Last week, I honored Rep. Skelton by including my written respects for him in the Congressional Record. Click
here
to read my respects.
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me email updates.
Click Here
FORWARD THIS EMAIL
You can send this message on to your friends and family
Click Here
Home
|
About Phil
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
Contact Us
