
If you are having trouble viewing this message
or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Website
News Center
Constituent Services
Issues
About the District
About Me
Contact
Us
November 21, 2013
Congressman Lipinski Hosts Vets
Jobs Fair in Romeoville,
Invites Residents to Upcoming Senior, Vets
Fairs
Congressman Lipinski talks with a
local veteran about veterans issues at his Veterans Jobs Fair in
Romeoville.
On Nov. 18, Congressman Lipinski hosted a
Veterans Jobs Fair in conjunction with the Village of Romeoville and the
Romeoville Veterans Commission. The fair connected local veterans
with businesses interested in hiring them. In the next few weeks the
congressman will be hosting other upcoming events to provide assistance to
veterans and seniors in the Third District. He will be hosting Senior
Fairs this Friday (Nov. 22) at the Operating Engineers Banquet Hall
in Countryside, Monday (Nov. 25) at The Megaplex in Homer Glen, and
Dec. 16 at Chicagos Mount Greenwood Park. Congressional staff, as well
as local agencies, organizations and businesses, will be available to
assist seniors and their families with Social Security, Medicare,
Medicaid, veterans benefits, the Postal Service, utility bills, and other
issues. On Dec. 10, at the Johnson-Phelps VFW Post 5220 in Oak Lawn,
the congressman and his staff will be joined by the U.S. and Illinois
Departments of Veterans Affairs and other organizations for a Veterans
Fair. Local veterans can get assistance with a variety of issues,
including military personnel and medical records, veterans claims and
benefits, VA hospital billing, placement in VA homes, GI Bill
information, as well as help obtaining medals earned but never received. All the
events are from 10 a.m. to noon. Visit lipinski.house.gov for more
information.
I
wish to thank everyone who came to my Veterans Jobs Fair in Romeoville.
Connecting veterans with job opportunities is the least we can do for
the service these brave men and women have provided our nation. I
was truly impressed with the turnout, the quality of those seeking
jobs, and the character of the companies that value the skills veterans
bring to the table. I am extremely proud to have helped many of these
veterans get a foot in the door to a new
job.
Honoring America's Veterans on Veterans
Day
Congressman Lipinski pays tribute to veterans at a
Veterans Day ceremony in Worth.
Congressman Lipinski
honored our nations veterans by taking part in Veterans Day ceremonies
in Worth, Justice, Lockport, Romeoville, and Oak Lawn. The congressman
spoke about the assistance his office provides to local veterans and
his efforts to allow veterans and their families with Honor Flight
Chicago to visit the National World War II Memorial in Washington, D.C.,
during the federal government shutdown in October.
We would not be the greatest
country in the world if not for the dedication and selfless service of
those who have worn our nations uniform to protect our freedoms and our
values. We owe them the life we know today. For these very reasons, I
am committed to fighting for our military men and women who have
served and are currently to see that they are afforded the respect,
recognition and assistance they deserve. I believe, as a nation, that this is
our obligation to uphold not just on Veterans Day, but every
day.
Congressman Lipinski Fights to Allow Americans to Keep
Their Health Care
Plans
To help protect Americans from losing the health insurance
plan they currently have, Congressman Lipinski cosponsored the If You
Like Your Health Plan, You Can Keep it Act (H.R. 3406). The bill would
change Obamacare by allowing insurance companies to continue offering
plans to existing customers that the law currently requires them to
cancel. Under the bill, there is no time limit on how long these plans
can be renewed. To further protect Americans from Obamacares
mismanaged rollout, Rep. Lipinski has introduced the Health Care Access
Fairness and Penalty Delay Act (H.R. 3425). This commonsense legislation
would require the Health and Human Services Inspector General to certify
when the healthcare.gov website is fully operational. Once the
Inspector General certifies that the website is operational, individuals would
have at least 90 days to enroll in a health care plan. The penalties
to comply with Obamacares individual mandate would not commence until
30 days later. To read an editorial in the Beverly Review on the
congressmans legislation, click
HERE .
Too many Americans are receiving notices
that their health care plan has been cancelled because of Obamacare,
despite assurances that you can keep your plan if you like it. This
promise should not have been broken. H.R. 3406 does not guarantee that
every person will still be offered their plan, but it would overturn
the Obamacare requirement that these plans be cancelled at the end of
this year. Problems like this are among the reasons I did not vote for
Obamacare. Since the passage of the law, I have sponsored,
co-sponsored, or voted for more than 20 pieces of legislation to try to make
Obamacare work in the short term and the long term and to be fair to all
Americans.
Congressman Lipinski Works to Pinpoint
Cause of Nov. 4 Tremor and
Avoid Repeat
Congressman Lipinski addresses the Lyons Township Quarry Advisory
Council
meeting in the wake of the Nov. 4 seismic event in McCook.
Congressman Lipinski continues to work with
all stakeholders involved to find out what exactly happened to cause
the Nov. 4 seismic event that shook the western suburbs and damaged
homes and businesses. The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) has said the 3.2
magnitude tremor that was felt throughout the region was an earthquake
and likely connected to blasting done at the Hanson Materials quarry
in McCook. The congressman has met with USGS and Hanson Materials about
what steps must be taken to prevent a similar incident from happening
in the future. He also is requesting federal and state agencies
investigate the matter and take steps to avoid a repeat occurrence. Click
HERE
to view an ABC7 report about the congressmans
efforts.
More than two
weeks after this event that alarmed residents throughout our communities,
I continue to work with state and federal regulators and with Hanson
Materials to understand exactly what happened and why. USGS now says
that an earthquake occurred, but they believe that it was likely caused
by normal, legal activities at the quarry. I am committed to making
sure that we do everything possible to prevent such an event from
happening again.
Washington, D.C. Office
1717 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC 20515
P (202) 225 - 5701 |
P (866) 822 -
5701
F (202) 225 - 1012
Chicago Office
6245 South Archer Avenue
Chicago, IL 60638
P (312) 886 - 0481
F (773) 767 - 9395
Oak Lawn Office
5309 West 95th Street
Oak Lawn, IL 60453
P (708) 424 - 0853
F (708) 424 - 1855
Lockport Office
Central Square Building
222 E. 9th Street #109
Lockport, IL 60441
P (815) 838-1990
F (815)
838-1993
Orland Park Office
Orland
Park Village Hall
14700 S. Ravinia Avenue
Orland Park, IL
60462
P (708) 403-4379
F (708) 403-5963
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
