
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
ABOUT
SERVICES
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
CONTACT
ESPAOL
Monday, November 18, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Marc's Memo
Dear Friends,
I would like to share with you several updates during my work week in Washington D.C. and Texas 33 rd
congressional district.
I will keep you updated as I continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to address the important issues that our nation is currently facing. In the meantime, please stay connected with me through my
official website ,
Facebook page , and
Twitter account
to stay informed of our progress.
Sincerely,
Congressman Marc Veasey, TX-33
Save the Date
On December 9 th
from 8:30 AM to 12:00 PM, I along with the Texas Workforce Commission (TWC) will host the first 33 rd
Congressional District Job Fair at the Tarrant County Resource Connection Conference Center, 2300 Circle Drive, Fort Worth, TX 76119, to help local residents find good jobs in the community. The free job fair will connect dozens of employers with hundreds of job seekers in the Metroplex region and will feature workshops on topics such as networking and writing resumes.
Learn more
For more event information call 817-920-9086 or visit
http:/Veasey.House.Gov
Honoring our Veterans
Last week, my staff and I attended events across the DFW-Metroplex to celebrate Veterans Day and honor those who served. We visited our communities to thank the men and women who have given so much for our nation. A
special thanks to American Legion Post 838 and State Representative, Nicole Collier on a great Veterans Day breakfast, the City of Forest Hill, Friendship West and the Los Altos Neighborhood Association in West Dallas on their first ever Veterans Day Picnic.
God bless our heroes who have served and those who continue to serve.
November 11, 2013-- Congressman Marc Veasey attended Los Altos Neighborhood Association Veterans Day Picnic in Dallas, TX
Ready for Comprehensive Immigration Reform
On Wednesday, November 13 th
I joined fellow U.S. Representatives in Washington for a press conference calling for a vote on Comprehensive Immigration Reform. My colleagues on both sides of the aisle understand the need to strengthen our economy, defend our borders and fix a broken immigration system. 186 members of the House Democratic Caucus and 3 House Republicans are now co-sponsoring H.R. 15, the Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act. Its time to bring this bipartisan bill to the floor for a vote and move forward with a commonsense, comprehensive immigration plan.
November 13, 2013-- Congressman Veasey speaks at #Ready4Reform press conference in Washington, D.C.
Healthcare Listening Tour
My staff and I work hard at making constituents health and wellness a top priority.
Our District includes the highest rate of uninsured Americans in the country. This is why I have made it a priority to raise awareness and educate the public on their healthcare options.
This November, I visited healthcare centers and organizations throughout the district to listen to concerns, hear from physicians, patients and volunteers about health issues impacting the community and to update constituents on what's been going on with healthcare in Congress. I also held a conference call with area Navigators so that I could hear how enrollment is going.
November 6, 2013 --
Rep. Veasey visits Los Barrios Unidos Community Health Center in Dallas, TX.
November 6, 2013-- Rep. Veasey Visits North Texas Area Community Health Center in Fort Worth, TX.
November 14, 2013-- Rep. Veasey facilitates a conference call from Washington between the designated community health centers for the ACA Marketplace Exchange.
33 rd
Congressional District Grant Forum
Last Thursday, my district office hosted a free grant forum for faith-based, non-profit and neighborhood organizations to provide them with information regarding federal and private resources that meet their funding needs. I thank Health and Human Services, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, and all of the local associations who joined to offer this important information.
November 14, 2013-- Metroplex civic, non-profit and faith-based organizations learn about state and federal grant opportunities.
Protecting Your Right to Vote
Since my time in the Texas State Legislature, I have been fighting for your right to vote and as a Member of Congress I am continuing this fight. The recent disputes over the new photo-identification requirements for voters that were previously blocked by the federal court make the need for protection of the voting rights of disenfranchised communities clear.
While we continue to establish ways to protect the voting rights of all Americans in Washington, you can do your part by reporting possible voting rights abuse to the
Texas Secretary of State
or with the Elections Administrator in your designated voting county. Below you will find the contact information for these offices.
Texas Secretary of State
Phone: 1-800-252-8683
(1-800-252-VOTE)
TARRANT COUNTY
Elections Administrator, Steve Raborn
Phone: (817) 831-8683
DALLAS COUNTY
Elections Administrator, Toni Pippins-Poole
Phone: (214) 819-6300
Voting Rights in the News
I joined Rachel Maddow on MSNBC to discuss how the current Voter ID Law is disenfranchising voters and making it harder for people to vote in Texas.
( Watch Video )
For the latest news stories visit:
http://veasey.house.gov/media-center/in-the-news
Helping Your Neighbors Stay Informed
As you know, I occasionally send out e-mail newsletters to keep you informed on my work in Washington and throughout the Metroplex. These newsletters cover a variety of topics ranging from district and community events to legislative updates. There will be two upcoming blackout periods. During these periods, I will be limited in ways I can communicate with you. In order to stay up to date on important information, including my work on your behalf, I encourage constituents to sign up and opt-in to receive my e-mails by Wednesday, December 4, 2013, to continue receiving my e-mail newsletter even during the blackout periods. Please share this e-newsletter with your neighbors so that they too may stay informed of events in Congress affecting the 33 rd
Congressional District with my e-newsletter.
Click here
to opt-in.
Contact Me
E-Newsletter Sign-Up
Help with a Federal Agency
Flag Request
Visit Washington, D.C.
CONNECT WITH ME
Washington, DC Office
414 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
P: (202) 225-9897
F: (202) 225-9702
Dallas District Office
JP Morgan Chase Building
1881 Sylvan Ave., Ste. 108
Dallas, TX 75208
P: (214) 741-1387
F: (214) 741-2026
Fort Worth District Office
Office Tower at La Gran Plaza
4200 South Freeway, Suite 412
Fort Worth, TX 76115
P: (817) 920-9086
F: (817) 920-9324
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Click Here Click Here