
Can't see the pictures? Select "Always display images" or
view this message in your browser .
Dear Friends,
This fall I&rsquo;ve been honored to join in a number of events in Connecticut&rsquo;s First, including an important announcement for our Air National Guard, a community forum and more. Check out the links below for additional information on recent community events and other efforts in Connecticut and in Washington:
After
calling on Members
to end the recent government shutdown, I met with residents in Wethersfield for a
community forum
(pictured below).
Following the forum, I wrote to the
Huffington Post
on the need to reopen the federal government for our veterans. After weeks of debate, Members were finally able to do their jobs,
end the shutdown
and ensure our nation&rsquo;s bills were paid.
In East Granby, I joined the Connecticut Air National Guard to
mark the new mission
for the Flying Yankees (pictured below). I am honored to have worked with Representative Joe Courtney and others to strengthen the viability of the Flying Yankees' mission and was proud to join in announcing the eight C-130H cargo airplanes now permanently assigned to their base.
In East Hartford, I thanked Comcast for continuing their work
bridging the digital divide
for our youth and students. Their donation to the Robert J. O'Brien Elementary School will provide students greater opportunities to use the latest tools for utilizing the internet.
At the Raymond Library in East Hartford, I joined Governor Malloy and others for the
groundbreaking ceremony
of their new expansion (pictured below). The
upcoming renovations
will bring additional online and print resources to our community in addition to meeting space and an improved museum of local history.
In Washington I joined Mayor of Hartford Pedro E. Segarra for a
congressional hearing
on Coltsville&rsquo;s National Park Designation. I remain committed to bringing this designation to the Coltsville area to preserve its rich history of innovation in manufacturing.
With year&rsquo;s end in sight, I will continue to fight for Connecticut&rsquo;s First in Washington and look forward to hearing from you at upcoming events. As always, if you have any questions feel free to call my office at 860-278-8888.
Sincerely,
Click here to unsubscribe
Washington Office
1501 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2265
Hartford District Office
221 Main Street, 2nd Floor
Hartford, CT 06106
Phone: 860-278-8888
This mailing was prepared, published, and mailed at taxpayer expense.
