
Click here to view Rep. Miller's comments
WASHINGTON - U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) today made the following statement after the President announced his "administrative" changes to ObamaCare.
Rep. Miller said:
"Before and since ObamaCare was passed, President Obama promised the American people over and over again that if they liked their health care plan they could keep it, period.
At the same time, his Administration was approving regulations that made that promise impossible to keep.
Today, he said that the blame for the fact that millions of Americans are receiving cancelation notices for their health care plans is on him.
At least he got that one right.
President Obama's answer to this problem is to take another unilateral action that I do not believe he has the legal authority to make and to trust him that this time he will get it right.
"The American people are quickly recognizing that ObamaCare is becoming the train wreck that one of the primary architects of the law said it was going to become.
Hard working and hard pressed American families don't need more 'administrative solutions' and more red tape that don't solve any of the problems, could be taken away at the whim of the President, does not remove the legal barriers that stop insurance companies from being able to offer the same plans in 2014 that were offered in 2013, and only pushes the day of reckoning past the next election.
"The American people need certainty and permanent solutions to the mess that ObamaCare has made of the health insurance marketplace.
That is why I will be proud to vote tomorrow for H.R. 3350, the Keep Your Health Plan Act which will at least allow the American people some level of certainty that they can in fact keep the insurance coverage they like.
The only answer that will truly fix the very real problems ObamaCare is placing on Americans is to continue to work toward the full repeal of this terrible law, and put into law true patient centered reforms that lower health care costs for every American."
###
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Connect with Representative Miller online:
The President Only Offers a Political Apology, No Real Solutions for Americans
Nov 14, 2013
Click here to view Rep. Miller&#8217;s comments
WASHINGTON &#8211; U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) today made the following statement after the President announced
his &#8220;administrative&#8221; changes to ObamaCare.
Rep. Miller said:
&#8220;Before and since ObamaCare was passed, President Obama promised the American people over and over again that if they liked their health care plan they could keep it, period.
At the same time, his Administration was approving regulations that made that promise
impossible to keep.
Today, he said that the blame for the fact that millions of Americans are receiving cancelation notices for their health care plans is on him.
At least he got that one right.
President Obama&#8217;s answer to this problem is to take another
unilateral action that I do not believe he has the legal authority to make and to trust him that this time he will get it right.
&#8220;The American people are quickly recognizing that ObamaCare is becoming the train wreck that one of the primary architects
of the law said it was going to become.
Hard working and hard pressed American families don&#8217;t need more &#8216;administrative solutions&#8217; and more red tape that don&#8217;t solve any of the problems, could be taken away at the whim of the President, does not remove the
legal barriers that stop insurance companies from being able to offer the same plans in 2014 that were offered in 2013, and only pushes the day of reckoning past the next election.
&#8220;The American people need certainty and permanent solutions to the mess that ObamaCare has made of the health insurance
marketplace.
That is why I will be proud to vote tomorrow for H.R. 3350, the Keep Your Health Plan Act which will at least allow the American people some level of certainty that they can in fact keep the insurance coverage they like.
The only answer that
will truly fix the very real problems ObamaCare is placing on Americans is to continue to work toward the full repeal of this terrible law, and put into law true patient centered reforms that lower health care costs for every American.&#8221;
###
TELL A FRIEND
Feel free to share this e-mail with your friends and family by forwarding this email. If this e-mail has been forwarded to you, please sign up to receive Congresswoman Candice Miller
electronic newsletter .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Washington Office
U.S. House of Representatives
320 Cannon House Office Bldg
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202)225-2106
Fax: (202)226-1169
DISTRICT OFFICE
48701 Van Dyke Ave
Shelby Township, MI 48317
Phone: (586)997-5010
Fax: (586)997-5013
E-MAIL Candice
LEARN MORE
UNSUBSCRIBE
NOTE:
This mailbox is unattended. To send e-mail to Congresswoman Candice Miller, please go to
her contact form . To unsubscribe from future electronic updates, please use
this link .
