
If you
are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a
social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
About
Randy
Serving You
News
Our District
Contact
November 18, 2013
Dear Friends,
Millions of Americans,
many of them in the 14th District, have received cancellation notices
in the mail from their health providers as a result of Obamacares
regulations, and many others fear they are next. The President this past
week finally conceded that he broke his promise to Americans that they
could keep their health care, but we reject his fix-of-the-day
approach. Only legislative solutionsnot limited, politically-motivated
fixescan reverse the damage of his broken
promises.
On Friday, I voted with the House to pass the Keep Your Health
Plan Act of 2013, H.R. 3350, to ensure Americans who like their
current health plans will be able to keep them, and ensure they will not
face a penalty for doing so under the Presidents healthcare
law.
The administration has already made more than 250
other fixes, without going through Congress, because of how quickly and
sloppily the law was rushed through. We cannot keep relying on
administrative band-aids.
We must make sure the Presidents promises
are kept in law.
Protecting Americans from
Frivolous Lawsuits
Americans victimized
by meritless lawsuits in many cases suffer real-life consequences of
lost sleep, time and money. They need relief from costly litigation,
and lawyers should be held accountable for filing frivolous and abusive
lawsuits.
This past week the House voted to
pass H.R. 2655, the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act (LARA), which will
help protect Americans from baseless, frivolous lawsuits. It ensures
judges impose sanctions on attorneys who file these lawsuits, and ensures
the victims can be compensated, including their own attorneys fees.
Lawyers on the hunt should be discouraged from costing victims
thousands of dollars in legal expenses over a baseless
lawsuit.
In the Illinois state house, we worked to implement tort
reform and cut down on predatory and costly litigation that clogs our
legal system and hurts Americans. I am grateful the U.S. House acted
to protect American individuals and
businesses.
Municipal Finance Roundtable
Americas infrastructure gets consistently low marks across the board as
our bridges, roads and public buildings deteriorate and decay. But
in Illinois, our cities and towns rely on municipal bonds to expand
and refit facilities, like schools and hospitals. They are a key to
reviving our countrys tired and worn
infrastructure.
At its heart, a municipal bond preserves federalism by allowing
local communities to raise their own funds tax-free and carry out
their own improvements without the help or intrusion of the federal
government.
Communities can invest locally, gain
locally and prosper locally.
Earlier this
month, I hosted a municipal finance roundtable at the University of
Illinois at Chicago featuring a diverse cross-section of bond issuers and
investors.
As a lawmaker, I wanted to hear
from participants in the municipal finance world so we can figure out
how best to ensure we maintain the availability and accessibility of
municipal bonds for our communities. It was also important to find out
how local communities are affected by recent bond and credit
downgrades.
As a member of the House Financial Services
Committee, Ive made defending municipal finance a priority, and I
will continue to protect this lifeline to our cities and
towns.
Now Accepting Intern
Applications
My offices in Washington, DC and Geneva, IL are now
accepting applications for spring 2014
semester.
Applicants should be college students or recent graduates, and will
assist staff with constituent relations, policy and outreach efforts.
Many duties will be administrative in nature, but interns may also be
asked to accompany me at meetings in the district or assist my
legislative staff in Washington.
The position is
unpaid and will run approximately from January to May. Academic credit
may be available and schedules can be flexible for those with classes
or other obligations. Applicants from the 14th District are
preferred.
Applicants should email a resume, cover
letter and writing sample to
email.randy@mail.house.gov
and specify which office.
If you havent
already, be sure to like my
Facebook page , follow me on Twitter ( @RepHultgren ), or check out my
YouTube page
to stay informed on everything Im doing on your
behalf in Washington and in Illinois.
As
always, thank you for the honor and privilege of serving
you.
In Your
Service,
Randy
Hultgren
Member of Congress
14th District,
Illinois
E-mail Updates
Yes,
please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to
my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular
e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Contact
Information
Washington, DC
332 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-2976
Fax: (202) 225-0697
Geneva Office
1797 State Street Suite
A
Geneva, IL 60134
Phone: (630)
232-7104
Fax: (630) 232-7174
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
