
Sunday, November 17, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Getting Answers on
HealthCare.gov
#Fail and Fighting to Let Texans Keep Their Health Plan
Several Fox shows featured some of my questioning from our Oversight hearing on the failed Obamacare website. Click
here
to watch one of the segments. For the full list of local and national news stories featuring the explosive hearing on the HealthCare.gov problems, make sure to check out the Latest News section in the right sidebar.
The verdict is out: the Obamacare trainwreck is spiraling out of control.
This week brought to light even MORE revelations about the disasterous government takeover of our health care system ... and from none other than the ones implementing it.
This week, we held a hearing in the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee on the failed rollout of HealthCare.gov. After we subpoenaed the Obama Administration for documents related to the failed website, it turned over documents that showed a whopping SIX people were able to successfully enroll in Obamacare the date the exchanges opened - a date that the Obama Administration had three years and $600 million to prepare for.
This is unacceptable.
My colleagues and I are continuing to work to uncover answers on why the exchange rollout date was still implemented when its clearly obvious the Administration was not prepared for it, and knew it. Our investigative efforts continued Wednesday in the Oversight Committee.
During our hearing, I pushed for answers on the Obamacare websites security issues, lack of functionality, and its failure to undergo thorough testing from the Administration officials tasked with fixing the website glitches. President Obamas top technology adviser Todd Park told me the team was "working very hard" to achieve their goal: for the website to be fully functional by November 30.
As a former Web developer, thats what I was telling clients when I was about to miss a deadline (which I didn't do often).
To watch my full round of questioning with Todd Park and the other Administration officials tasked with fixing HealthCare.gov, click
here .
On top of our Committee's investigative efforts, we in the House passed the "Keep Your Health Care Plan Act" to honor the President's promise to the American people:
If You Like Your Health Care Plan, You Can Keep It.
The Upton Bill passed with bipartisan support by a vote of a 261-157, with 29 Democrats voting yes.
I supported this stop-gap measure because it allows Texans to stay on their health care plan if they like it, as the President promised. However, I also supported this measure only as a means to lessen the damage of Obamacare... until it can be fully repealed and replaced with rational reforms that will keep costs low, let you maintain your coverage and won't get between you and your doctor.
This measure will allow families across Texas to keep their insurance and their doctors if they are satisfied with them - but its only a temporary fix. We need to continue pushing for a full repeal of Obamacare and start over with long-term solutions that put patients first, keep healthcare costs low...and have a functioning website.
I also appeared on Action 10 News to talk about the struggles some of our local community are facing because of the Obamacare website problems. To watch, click
here .
House Passes My Bill to Protect Asbestos Victims
Prior to our vote on the FACT Act, I took to the House floor to urge my colleagues' support, reiterate the bill's purpose and explain why I authored it: to protect the victims of asbestos. Click
here
to watch.
This week, in a bipiartisan
vote
of 221 - 199, the House approved legislation I introduced to promote transparency, discourage fraud, and protect victims of asbestos. Wednesday on the House floor, we passed
H.R. 982 , the "Furthering Asbestos Claim Transparency (FACT) Act", my bill that would strengthen the Asbestos Trust System by combating the fraud and abuse that currently plague the system.
Numerous reports have shown that opportunistic individuals file conflicting claims with asbestos trusts and within the state court tort system, in order to seek multiple payouts. The Wall Street Journal conducted an
investigative report
(subscription required) on this issue, reporting on problems with the Asbestos Trust System in just March of this year. In an
editorial
(subscription required) last week, the WSJ cited examples of fraud similar to one it previously reported, which involved the Johns Manville trust that paid $26,250 to a claimant invented by a law-firm employee. WSJ found that "more than 2,000 applicants to the Manville trust claimed to have been exposed to asbestos working in industrial jobs before they were 12 years old.
Reports like this - of rampant fraud and abuse within the asbestos trust system - led me to introduce the FACT Act. This bill is for the victims. It will preserve the Asbestos trust for those yet undiscovered victims, as opposed to those who try to defraud the system. The FACT Act will stop unscrupulous attorneys from filing false claims and double dipping with both state and federal claims - fraudulent behavior resulting from not enough safeguards in place. I'm proud the House acted to change that this week. The FACT Act strikes a balance between transparency and privacy and will make much-needed reforms to the asbestos trusts system. It will also help all victims of asbestos exposure get the financial support they need. I call on the Senate to take up the FACT Act sooner rather than later to shine light on fraudulent claims within the asbestos trust system to protect future victims of this abuse.
Examining Our Nation's Natural Disaster Readiness and Recovery Efforts
We on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee held a hearing this week to review our nation's natural disaster recovery efforts, as well as to evaluate federal agencies' progress in implementing recovery objectives, allocating assistance funding, and meeting associated deadlines.
Following the devastation of Hurricane Sandy, Congress approved legislation to provide emergency disaster assistance and to reform, expedite, and streamline federal disaster recovery programs. It's crucial that we conduct oversight of recovery efforts for super storms, like Hurricane Sandy, to ensure our federal disaster recovery programs are working as effectively as possible.
From our hearing, click
here
for the progress report the agency officials gave me on our disaster recovery efforts.
Meet David, Intern in My Corpus Christi Office
Name:
David Jonathan Chaucayanqui
Hometown:
Arequipa, Peru
Favorite Movie:
Ironman 3
Favorite Book:
Co-Opetition: A Revolution Mindset That Combines Competition and Cooperation
Favorite Sport Teams:
Real Madrid (soccer) and Argentina (soccer)
Favorite Fast Food Restaurant:
Subway
Role Model:
My father
What do you hope to gain from this internship:
I want to have a better understanding of how politics work in the USA. Also, I want to have a better view of the process of how the government and its officials deal with challenges.
Pick one:
Wake up early. I am eager about facing and learning from different challenges during the day.
From Instagram
Had a blast touring the Google DC headquarters with my wife and daughter Morgan this week to learn more about Hangouts, Google's innovative feature for staying in touch.
Today in D.C., I met Weather Channel meteorologist and host of Storm Stories, Jim Cantore. While it was great to meet the "Extreme Weather" guy, I hope I don't see him in Corpus Christi...
Scenes from our first House Oversight Committee hearing on the botched rollout of HealthCare.gov. We questioned top Administration technology officials on why the system wasnt adequately tested and what went wrong with the rollout
when it had three years and $600 million to prepare.
From (my daughter Amanda's Instagram): Scar got to meet with her Congressman today #ScarGoesToWashington #CattingAroundInDC
Port Aransas 2nd graders salute Veterans.
Captain Rene Coronado, who serves as my Veterans Field Representative in the 27th District, stopped to take this photo outside the First Methodist Church in Luling. Per Rene: "I saw this sea of flags and it really inspired me."
Follow Me on Twitter...
. @WSJopinion
on FACT Act: my bill on the floor today to prevent fraud and ensure asbestos victims get their benefits:
http://on.wsj.com/1ao00Pf
13 Nov 2013
We just began our
@GOPoversight
hearing on the failed
HealthCare.gov
rollout to hear from top WH tech officials on what went wrong
13 Nov 2013
A promise is a promise: if you like your health care plan, you should be able to keep it. RT if you agree with us and President Bill Clinton
12 Nov 2013
In a blow to the WH, President Clinton today urged POTUS to honor his promise &amp; let Americans keep their health care:
http://abcn.ws/1aCDdfe
12 Nov 2013
Today, we honor the brave Veterans of our nation - without whom, our freedom would not be possible.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ToI7IYGuEF4
11 Nov 2013
Connect
Latest News
"Special Report with Bret Baier" All-Star Panel: Breaking down the numbers on ObamaCare
Fox News
White House says Obamacare site improving, enrollment off sharply
CNN
White House Aides Grilled on Website Woes
The Wall Street Journal
Healthcare.gov progress still not keeping up with demand
USA TODAY
Pressure Mounts for Obamacare Fixes as Deadline Looms
National Journal
Obamacare promises: Where things stand
CNN
GOP Rep. Confirms Articles of Impeachment Will Be Filed Against Eric Holder
Here Are the Lawmakers Who Are Supporting the Effort
The Blaze
Darrell Issa hearing shows Obamacare deadline slipping
Politico
Troubleshooters: Affordable Healthcare Problems
KZTV Action 10 News
Texas Republicans draw up articles of impeachment for Attorney General Eric Holder
San Antonio Express-News
House votes for increased transparency on asbestos claims
The Hill
GOP Lawmakers Release Holder Articles of Impeachment
Roll Call
Hispanic Chamber celebrates members, milestone
Caller Times
Health care enrollments fail to meet low expectations
WBIR-TV
Asbestos House Cleanup
The Wall Street Journal
House GOP Group Seeks Holder's Impeachment
NY Daily News
FACT Act preserves money for future asbestos victims
The Hill
Rep. Olson Introduces Articles of Impeachment Against Eric Holder
Breitbart News
Asbestos bankruptcy trust bill
FACT Act
passes House
The Madison-St. Clair Record
House GOP members prepare impeachment charges against Holder
Houston Chronicle
House votes to increase asbestos claim disclosures
U.S. News &amp; World Report
Articles of impeachment against AG Eric Holder to be filed
United Press International
House members debate FACT Act
Legal Newsline
Remembering veterans every day in the Coastal Bend (Video)
Caller Times
Asbestos Measure To Get Rare Vote
The Wall Street Journal
Articles of impeachment introduced against Eric Holder
BizPac Review
Head of legal reform institute says asbestos claims bill will help, not hurt
Legal Newsline
It's government's turn to serve veterans
Victoria Advocate
Veterans Day Wreath Laying Ceremony on U.S.S. Lexington
KIII TV3
Forum: Time to serve veterans who served us
Caller Times
Sale of 3,680 acres of Padre Island could result in Kleberg-Nueces park
Caller Times
Border Patrol pay reform would cut agents take-home, but add stability
Tucson Sentinel
Port Corpus Christi Commends House of Representatives (USA)
Dredging Today
Articles of Impeachment Against Holder to be Introduced on Thursday
PJMedia
Letter to the Editor: SNAP reform
Caller Times
Texas Republicans unlikely to bend on immigration bill in Congress
The Dallas Morning News
The Week Ahead
Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee Hearing:
Continuing Oversight of the Social Security Administrations Mismanagement of Federal Disability Programs
Tuesday, November 19
10:00 a.m. ET
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee Hearing:
Federal Triangle South: Redeveloping Underutilized Federal Property Through Public Private Partnerships
Tuesday, November 19
10:00 a.m. ET
2253 Rayburn House Office Building
Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee Hearing:
How Autonomous Vehicles Will Shape the Future of Surface Transportation
Tuesday, November 19
10:00 a.m. ET
2167 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Subcommittee Hearing:
The Rise of Innovative Business Models: Content Delivery Methods in the Digital Age
Tuesday, November 19
1:30 p.m. ET
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
We should be voting on...
H.R. 2061
- Digital Accountability and Transparency (DATA) Act of 2013, as amended
(Sponsored by Rep. Darrell Issa / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
H.R. 3343
- To amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to clarify the rules regarding the determination of the compensation of the Chief Financial Officer of the District of Columbia (Sponsored by Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton / Oversight and Government Reform Committee)
H.R. 3487
- To amend the Federal Election Campaign Act to extend through 2018 the authority of the Federal Election Commission to impose civil money penalties on the basis of a schedule of penalties established and published by the Commission, to expand such authority to certain other violations, and for other purposes (Sponsored by Rep. Candice Miller / House Administration Committee)
S.Con.Res. 25
- A concurrent resolution authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for activities associated with the ceremony to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Native American code talkers (Sponsored by Sen. Tim Johnson / House Administration Committee)
H.R. 272
- To designate the Department of Veterans Affairs and Department of Defense joint outpatient clinic to be constructed in Marina, California, as the General William H. Gourley Federal Outpatient Clinic: A Joint VA-DOD Health Care Facility, as amended (Sponsored by Rep. Sam Farr / Armed Services Committee)
H.R. 1965
- Federal Lands Jobs and Energy Security Act, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule)
(Sponsored by Rep. Doug Lamborn / Natural Resources Committee / Judiciary Committee)
H.R. 2728
- Protecting States Rights to Promote American Energy Security Act, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule) (Sponsored by Rep. Bill Flores / Natural Resources Committee)
H.R. 1900
- Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act, Rules Committee Print (Subject to a Rule) (Sponsored by Rep. Mike Pompeo / Energy and Commerce Committee)
Veterans Day in the District
On Veterans Day, I had the honor of participating in a wreath laying ceremony aboard the U.S.S. Lexington in remembrance of those who never returned home and to honor those who were prisoners of war, as well as those missing in action.
Captain Rene Coronado (Veterans Field Representative in my office), myself, and Naval Captain Rocco Montesano, U.S. Navy Ret. (Executive Director of the USS Lexington Museum in Corpus Christi) on stage at the USS Lexington Veterans Day Celebration.
I had the opportunity to personally thank our Veterans at the Port Aransas Veterans Day Program at Port Aransas High School on Veterans Day. At the ceremony, we also heard a great speech from James Cantu, a former Marine and graduate of PAHS. He continues to serve his community today as a police officer in San Marcos.
My Veterans Field Representative Captain Rene Coronado and I are pictured here with members of the Corpus Christi Honor Guard, a group that serves as a Flag Color Guard and Funeral Detail in honor of Veterans in South Texas.
Thanking our Veterans for their service and sacrifice at the Applebees Veterans Day event in Corpus Christi. The celebration featured a musical performance by the Corpus Christi Veterans Band for all Veterans and their families waiting to be served, with all meals being provided by Applebees free-of-charge.
Listening to the Corpus Christi Veterans Band's performance at the Applebees Veterans Day Celebration in Corpus Christi.
My day ended with a trip to Golden Corral in Corpus Christi to thank our Veterans in person for their service to our nation. Golden Corral also provided a free dinner to all who have served, and hundreds of local Veterans took them up on their offer. I particularly enjoyed walking the line to get inside and talking to Veterans and thanking them for their service.
Snapshots from Home
This week, my Field Representative Luis Buentello attended the Northshore Tile Inc. Open House in Ingleside.
Luis presented certificates on my behalf to leaders in our community for their outstanding service and leadership at the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Gala &amp; Awards Ceremony Thursday evening.
My other Field Representative from my office, Carol Wootto participated in this week's Matagorda Bay Inflows Conference, sponsored by the Matagorda Bay Foundation and the Bay City Chamber of Commerce. Carol reports that a full house was in attendance to learn more about the LCRA's decision to ask the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality to suspend freshwater inflows to Matagorda Bay.
Tuesday night, my staffer Luis attended the San Patricio County Economic Development Corporation (EDC) BBQ Dinner to welcome visiting Chinese Embassy Officials.
My Veterans Field Representative Captain Rene Coronado conducted the second of our weekly "Coffee with the Captain" forums at the K&amp;E Donut Shop on Tuesday in Corpus Christi. My office will be hosting this forum every Tuesday at 9 AM to help local Veterans with their benefits and health care issues.
My Field Representative Luis helped distribute 153 boxes of food to families in Banquete this week.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here