
November 21, 2013
Having trouble reading this email?
Click here
to view the plain text.
Rep. Louie Gohmert Introduces The Parental Notification and Intervention Act
This bill will help save lives and restore parental rights
WASHINGTON, DC -- Rep. Louie Gohmert (TX-01) released the following statement regarding The Parental Notification and Intervention Act which requires that parents be notified at least four days in advance of any abortion to be performed on their minor daughter that involves crossing state lines or any federal funds and gives parents the power to intervene and stop an abortion from being performed:
Every life is precious
and that includes the life of an unborn child. One of the principle tasks of the government is to protect the lives of those who are unable to protect themselves. Nearly 70% of Americans agree parents should have the legal right to stop an abortion from being performed on their minor daughter.
No adolescent should be alone in making such a life altering decision. Today, a child cannot consent to have ears pierced or to take an aspirin without parental consent, except for a devastating abortion. It is imperative that a caring parent, with the childs best interest at heart should be a major part of this decision-making process.
Sadly, without a federal law in place, even in states with parental notification laws, parental guidance is taken out of the equation.
It is my commitment to continue pushing for legislation that promises to protect our most vulnerable, our unborn children. The implementation of this bill will ultimately save lives and give control back to the very parents who must approve their children taking aspirin.
Congressman Louie Gohmert is the Vice Chair of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism and Homeland Security. Prior to being elected to serve in Congress, Louie was elected to three terms as District Judge in Smith County, Texas and also served as Chief Justice of Texas'12th Court of Appeals.
# # #
Click Here Click Here