
Friday, November 15, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Saluting those who served
Rep. Murphy joined Palm Beach Gardens High students in the Navy Junior Reserve Officers Training Corps Program at a Veterans Day event in Jupiter.
Honoring our Heroes
Every Veterans Day, America comes together to recognize the brave men and women of the United States Armed Forces who defend our liberty both domestically and abroad.
In addition to commemorating Veterans Day on November 11th, the month of November is also recognized as Military Family Month. It is the spouses, mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, and children that stand behind every service member and are the backbone of our military that help make sure that we have the greatest military in the world.
I was humbled to participate in many local events over the past week to honor the brave men and women who served and their families who have all sacrificed so much for our nation. Yet, it is not only on this holiday, but every day for which we are grateful for the courageous men and women who serve our nation and the dedication of military families who have shared the strains of service to our nation.
Freedom is not freeit is because of your endless contributions at home and around the world that we live in the greatest free democracy in the world.
Supporting Our Veterans, Troops, and Families
In Congress, I am dedicated to keeping the solemn commitment to our nations heroes so that when they return from fighting they dont need to fight to receive their earned benefits in a timely manner or to find a job.
It is our duty to make certain that our veterans and their families get the care, support, and respect they so deserve.
Rep. Murphy joined local veterans at a special Veterans Day service held at St. Paul AME Church to salute those who have served and share information on how his office can assist with questions relating to VA benefits.
That is why my first legislative act as a Member of Congress was offering an amendment to protect veterans and service members from devastating benefit cuts and why I have been working to tackle the VAs disability claims backlog.
There are currently more than 400,000 veterans who are caught up in this backlog with processing times of up to a year.
This is simply unacceptable.
While Washington has remained gridlock on many important issues, partisanship must never get in the way when it comes to serving those who have served.
I was proud to lead 160 of my colleagues, both Republican and Democrat, in urging the President to address this disgraceful backlog. I have also cosponsored legislation to expand the ability for veterans to receive treatment for service-connected mental illnesses and recently held an event for Veterans Suicide Prevention Month to raise awareness of PTSD and the mental health issues that plague veterans.
Rep. Murphy speaks at the National Navy UDT-SEAL Museum's annual Veterans Day Muster about his work in Congress to support those who have served.
Additionally, with more troops returning home from Iraq and Afghanistan, it is incumbent upon us to make sure that these brave men and women who have risked everything for our country have an opportunity to find a good job at a decent wage.
This means strengthening and expanding the Work Opportunity Tax Credit to encourage businesses to hire veterans, supporting the on-the-job training reimbursement through the GI Bill and the Troop Talent Act to help veterans adapt their service skills into trades in the workforce, and providing venues for veterans to find jobs such as the Veteran Connection Career Fair in Stuart on October 17th.
I will continue work with local businesses to hire veterans of all ages and to support those who have served in any way we can.
Despite all the hardships that our veterans, active duty military, and their families have faced, their spirit of service and sacrifice is something that we are all proud of.
It is what makes this country great.
To all of those who we recognize this Veterans Day, thank you for your service.
Important Survey on
Ongoing Budget Negotiations
With Members of Congress currently negotiating a budget agreement, what do you think is the most important takeaway from these discussions?
Reducing the federal deficit
Simplifying the tax code
Protecting our promise to seniors
Balancing the budget
Providing certainty and stability for economic growth
Other
Click here to submit your response.
River Update
On Tuesday, I met with Sally Ericcson, a top administration official in the President's budget office who oversees the funding process for local environmental projects. We spoke at length regarding the crisis taking place in our local waterways and the need for Everglades projects to move forward more efficiently and expeditiously to provide relief to the St. Lucie.
Specifically, I followed up on the bipartisan letter I sent with several of my colleagues last week requesting full funding for the second phase of the C-44 Indian River Lagoon Project, which is critical to provide relief to our polluted waterways. I will continue to urge the administration to prioritize this critically important issue.
Additionally, last week I had the opportunity to meet with U.S. EPA Deputy Administrator Bob Perciasepe during the 5th Annual Southeast Florida Regional Climate Leadership Summit.
We were both participating in the Coastal Communities Town Hall and sat down to discuss solutions to the issues plaguing waterways along the Treasure Coast.
We spoke about the water quality issues in our district and discussed short-term solutions, such as water farming and filtration, as well as long-term solutions to get water to move south.
Additionally, we talked about EPA's work with the Florida DEP and coordinating ways to improve the health of our waterways.
I am thankful for the opportunity to have met with Deputy Administrator Perciasepe and am pleased that the EPA will be prioritizing this issue.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here