DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd'
Imagine if Next We Got Stuck with ObamaAir
Courtesy of the
Antelope Valley Press
Published Tuesday, November 12, 2013
The biggest complaint about Obamacare - that it takes away the health insurance plans that people liked and forces them into plans they neither want nor can afford - has been compared to taking away your Ford and replacing it with a Cadillac with all the extras and making you pay for the Caddy.
That's because the new plans that the government deems as fit include such things as maternity care and pediatric dentistry - things that few people in their 50s and 60s would ever use.
But in the car analogy, at least you have a nice Cadillac you can drive. With Obamacare, you are getting a more expensive plan with coverage you will never use.
That's why it occurred to me that airline tickets would be the better analogy. Suppose you and I are going to fly to San Francisco from Los Angeles. We buy our tickets for $150 each, roundtrip, and we're just going for the weekend, so we have carry-on bags, no checked luggage.
The Obama administration comes along with a new flying policy - let's call it ObamaAir - because the president is concerned that there are some Americans who can't afford to fly. And that's not fair. We have to do something to help the people who can't afford to fly.
In the three years running up to the ObamaAir rollout, the president had told us dozens of times, "If you like your flight, you can keep your flight. If you like your airline, you can keep your airline. Period."
But now we get to the airport and the airline tells us, sorry, that flight has been canceled. They are not flying to San Francisco anymore. We have to go into the ObamaAir exchanges and find a flight on another airline. All they offer is a flight to Paris with a stop in San Francisco for $900 each, plus $150 for three checked bags.
We don't want to go to Paris and we have no luggage to check. We just want to go to San Francisco. We had a perfectly good ticket for San Francisco for $150. Now it's costing $1,050 to get to San Francisco!
Millions of people are in the same situation, having their flights canceled. They are hopping mad. Even the non-Fox media begin to report on the fiasco. The president says, "Those are subpar airline tickets. You're getting a better deal."
No one can get on the ObamaAir website to book their flight, even if they wanted to. The people who get their airline tickets through their employers, business travelers, are still OK because the ObamaAir mandate hasn't taken effect for them yet.
The president finally comes out after several days and says he's sorry that some people "found themselves in this situation."
He claims he didn't know people were going to lose their flights but admits he wasn't clear enough when he said if you like your flight, you can keep your flight. Period. But NBC News reports that Obama's people told him in 2010 that people's flights would be canceled and they would be hit with more expensive fares for flights they didn't need.
That's because overcharging people for flights they don't need is the only way ObamaAir can succeed. He needs to take that money from those unused flights to Paris in order to pay for tickets to San Francisco for those people who heretofore could not afford to fly.
That's ObamaAir in a nutshell, and Obamacare in a nutshell.
William P. Warford's column appears every Tuesday, Friday and Sunday.
You can read this piece and more at www.avpress.com
Social Media
OFFICE INFORMATION
WASHINGTON DC OFFICE
2310 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-1956
SANTA CLARITA OFFICE
26650 The Old Road Suite 203
Santa Clarita, CA 91381
phone: 661-254-2111
PALMDALE OFFICE
1008 W. Ave M-14 Suite E
Palmdale, CA 93551
phone: 661-274-9688
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy Policy
Click Here Click Here