
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
About Lynn
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Media Center
|
Legislative Center
|
Georgia's Third District
|
Contact Me
November 18, 2013
Westmoreland Continues Investigation into
Benghazi
Last week, the House Permanent Select
Committee on Intelligences Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigation
held two oversight meetings with eyewitnesses to the attack of the US
Consulate in Benghazi, Libya on September 11, 2012. The attack
resulted in the death of four Americans, including US Ambassador to Libya
Chris Stevens, and the injury of others. I serve as the Chairman of the
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigation.
These meetings
included interviews with the three eyewitnesses who are publishing a book
regarding the attack.
Its
been over a year since the unprovoked and malicious attack on the US
Consulate in Benghazi, and the families of the four Americans who were
brutally murdered by terrorists deserve answers.
The House Intel
Committee is dedicated to uncovering exactly what happened in
Benghazi so we can hold those behind the attack responsible and give some
closure to those who were injured and those who lost loved ones.
Based on the 15 full committee
oversight activities the House Intelligence Committee has conducted on
Benghazi since the attacks, we have seen the Obama Administration jump
to the wrong conclusions based on incomplete facts.
That is not
helpful and only leads to more confusion and unanswered questions.
While the Committee has collected a good amount of information
and
the meetings this week have been extremely fruitful
this is still
an ongoing investigation.
Like I said, the meetings I conducted this week as the Chairman of the
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigation are a solid step forward
in the inquiry into the Benghazi attack, but they are not the last.
We will follow this investigation wherever the truth leads us. I am
committed to uncovering every stone so we can be absolutely certain
about who was behind the attacks, what happened during the attacks,
what the different federal agencies did after the attacks, and why the
narrative from the White House and the State Department turned out to be
so inaccurate.
Share on
Facebook
Share on Twitter
VIDEO: Westmoreland on CNN's New Day to Discuss
Benghazi
On Monday, November 18, 2013 Congressman
Westmoreland joined Kate Bolduan on CNN's New Day to discuss last week's
House Intelligence Committee meetings with five eye witnesses of the
Benghazi attacks.
CLICK
HERE
for the video of the interview or please visit my
YouTube page .
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Laying Down the L.A.W.
Blog
A Tribute To Our Nation's Veterans
By Rep. Lynn
Westmoreland
November 11th marks Veterans Day, a day to give
thanks to our nations veterans. There are more than 20 million veterans
living today. They have risked their lives to keep us safe and to
preserve our republic. They have honored our nation with their service and
their sacrifice. They are truly American
heroes.
I encourage everyone to commemorate this Veterans Day
by taking the time to thank a veteran. They are your family, your
neighbors, your coworkers, your friends. And it is because of their
dedication to our country that we enjoy the freedoms we have today.
For our part, my wife Joan
and I would like to thank all of our veterans for their service. Their
bravery will not be forgotten and we will forever be in their debt.
Their service and sacrifice epitomize all that is great about this
nation and reminds us of the true cost to keep our nation free and
strong.
In Case You Missed
It
Atlanta journal
Constitution PolitiFact: Westmoreland Says He's No Big
Spender
U.S. Rep. Lynn
Westmoreland, who prides himself on being a fiscal conservative, made an
interesting claim about his frugality in one recent article. The Coweta
County Republican said his office "runs on as little money as possible
to properly serve my constituents, and for that reason I have
returned money every year since taking office." ... More.
...To sum up, Westmoreland said he has returned money from his
allotted budget each year hes been in office. The numbers he sent --
and that we independently reviewed -- show he makes a good
point.
Our rating:
True.
Share on Facebook
Share on
Twitter
Double-click
here to add your own content to this area or hover your mouse cursor to
see more options.
Join the
Conversation
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
In Other
News
AUDIO: Westmoreland Speaks
with Capitol Hill Show About Holder Impeachment
Articles
On Friday, November 15, 2013, Congressman Westmoreland spoke
with Former Congressman Earnest Istook on the Capitol Hill Show about
the Articles of Impeachment that have been filed against Attorney
General Eric Holder...
House Passes Keep Your Health Plan Act
The House passed
H.R. 3350, the Keep Your Health Plan Act. This bill passed 261
157 with
bipartisan support, further proving that both Republicans and
Democrats agree the ObamaCare rollout has been a reflection of both bad
planning, and even worse policy...
The Blaze: GOP Rep. Confirms Articles of
Impeachment Will Be Filed Against Eric Holder -- Here Are the Lawmakers Who Are
Supporting the Effort
A group of fed-up House
Republicans, who say they are tired of being stonewalled by Attorney
General Eric Holder, plan to formally introduce articles of impeachment on
Thursday in a bid to remove the nations top law enforcement officer
from office... Rep Lynn Westmoreland (R-Ga.)...
Obama Economy: Government
Overregulation Spurs Job Growth in Compliance
Field
...According to a report by The Hill, there has been a pretty dramatic increase
in the number of compliance officers being hired.
Call it the
Obama Administrations own little contribution to the waning job
market...
Associated
Press: Health Exchanges Slow to Attract Young,
Healthy
Fears that insurance exchanges that are the linchpin of President
Barack Obama's federal health care overhaul wouldn't attract the young,
healthy people needed to make them financially viable are being
heightened by the early results of signups in several
states...
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE 2433 Rayburn
House Office Bldg Washington, DC 20515 Phone (202)
225-5901 Fax (202) 225-2515
THIRD DISTRICT
OFFICE
1601-B East
Highway 34 Newnan, Georgia 30265 Phone (770) 683-2033 Fax (770)
683-2042
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
