
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Congressman
Steve
Stockman
Representing the 36th District
November 18, 2013
Stockman asks Obama to fire
Duncan over anti-women
comments
Obama education secretary says critics are just suburban moms with dumb
kids
WASHINGTON -- Congressman Steve Stockman
Monday asked President Barack Obama to fire Education Secretary Arne Duncan
after comments Friday in which Duncan dismissed opponents of Common
Core as suburban moms with dumb kids.
The Obama
administration is now using suburban mom as a dismissive slur and even
attacking the children of political opponents, said Stockman.
Its
typical of the Obama administrations disrespectful treatment of women
who express differing opinions.
He even called moms and dads
with families fringe groups.
If there is a War on
Women the Obama administration just launched a tactical strike, said
Stockman. Obama should fire Duncan for saying some opponents of Common
Core should be dismissed because of their race and
gender.
Its fascinating to me that some of the pushback is coming from,
sort of, white suburban moms who
all of a sudden
their child isnt as
brilliant as they thought they were and their school isnt quite as
good as they thought they were, and thats pretty scary, Duncan said
in a speech Friday in Richmond, Va., addressing the Council of Chief
State Schools Officers Organization.
Common Core is
Obamacare for education. Its a top-down, one-size-fits-all that brings all
children down to a common level, said Stockman. Opposition comes
from men and women of all races who dont want their children trapped in
Common Cores failure factory.
Duncans remarks were
confirmed by Education Department Assistant Secretary for Communications
and Outreach Massie Ritsch and reported Saturday by the Washington
Post.
Opposition to Common Core must be led by the states.
Texas may not have officially taken Common Core standards, but
they did work with the same groups in the writing of the TEKS. Texas
needs to kill CScope and reject Race to the Top funding if we are to get
Washington mediocrity out of our schools, said
Stockman.
-30-
Do you want Common Core
dumbing down your schools? No! Yes *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If
you are having trouble, click here.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail
updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my
office to your e-mail account.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
