
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND
DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
November 19, 2013
Dear Friend,
The Obamacare
enrollment numbers were released last week and confirm what I have
said all along Obamacare was never ready for prime time. Reports are
showing that enrollment numbers are only 1/5 of the previously stated
White House projection, which isnt nearly enough for the health care
law to be sustainable, or affordable, long term. Only 1,662 people in
North Carolina enrolled into Obamacare in October, and according to
recent news reports, as many as 475,000 people in North Carolina may be
receiving health insurance cancellation notices.
Even
former President Bill Clinton has criticized President Obama for failing to
follow through on his word by allowing for Americans to keep their
current health insurance plan. He believes the president should follow
through on his wordeven if it means changing the law.
I spoke on the floor of the House
about a couple of
my constituents in Asheboro who have experienced the harmful effects
of Obamacare. These constituents have had their preferred health
insurance policy canceled and, to their dismay, replaced with one that is
too expensive to afford. This story is just one of the many that I am
hearing from constituents across the second district.
On Friday, I joined Republicans and Democrats
to
pass Chairman Fred Upton's Keep Your Health Plan Act. This bill would
allow for insurers to continue offering individuals their current
health care plan through 2014. I believe in supporting this bill, as it is
unfair for the President and Democratic members of Congress to decide
that a family's healthcare plan is "inadequate. Nationwide, women
make 80 percent of the healthcare decisions that affect their families.
So by cancelling a familys insurance plan, the Obama administration is
now saying they know what is best for you and your family. Unlike the
"administrative fix" the president announced last week during his
press conference, this bill serves a real solution to the problem at
hand.
The Healthcare.gov website has been a complete failure,
but the problems with Obamacare go far beyond the website. Last week
in the Energy and Commerce Committee, the Subcommittee on Health held
a hearing called "Obamacare Implementation Problems: More than Just a
Broken Website."
Click here
to watch video of
the hearing.
Please share this information with your
friends by forwarding this email and posting on your social media accounts
using the buttons in the right sidebar. Thank you for staying informed
and engaged. As always, please feel free to reach out to me if I can
ever be of service to you.
Pathetic Enrollment Numbers
I released the following statement
last week regarding the latest Obamacare enrollment numbers, which were
announced by the Department of Health and Human Services
(HHS):
"Today's Obamacare enrollment numbers are pathetic. At the
current pace, this law will not be financially sustainable for 6 years
according to projections from the Congressional Budget Office (CBO).
Meanwhile, my office is receiving letters from families across North
Carolina telling us that their health insurance plans are being cancelled
and their premiums are going through the roof. Nationwide, more than
5 million people have received cancellation notices on health
insurance plans they were promised they could keep. I will continue to work
tirelessly to repeal this law before it can inflict any more damage on
our economy and the American people."
This
afternoon, the Department of Health and Human Services released enrollment
numbers for the first month of the Obamacare exchanges. The numbers
revealed that a mere 100,000 people signed up through the state and federal
insurance marketplaces. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office
(CBO) estimates that in order for the law to avoid financial collapse,
at least 7 million Americans will need to sign up through the
exchanges in 2014. At the current pace, that would take approximately 6 years
to accomplish."
#KeepYourPlan
Last week, I spoke on the floor of the
House about Asheboro constituents Marion and Donald who had their health
insurance policy canceled. After having their preferred health policy
canceled, they then realized their premiums were going to increase
exponentially as a direct result of Obamacare.
Click
here
or on the image above to hear their story.
Visit
ellmers.house.gov
to share your Obamacare story
with me.
"Redefining" the Promise
The
president said at least 29 times over the past 3 years that you can
keep your current health insurance plan under Obamacare. Before finally
admitting he broke his promise to millions of Americans, the president
tried to
redefine
his earlier statement by
misstating what he said 29 times previously. Click
here
or on the image below to hear his revised statement.
In the News
A frequent
Obamacare critic, Rep. Ellmers says GOP has its own
plan
McClatchy - Raleigh News &amp; Observer
Ellmers, a
nurse from Dunn and whose district includes parts of Wake County,
called it a political maneuver to buy time. She said she would work
tirelessly to repeal and replace this terrible law. Shes been a
frequent Republican critic of Obamas signature domestic accomplishment on
national and local television. But last summer, she took a more
low-profile role as one of eight members of the conservative Republican Study
Committee who drafted their own version of a health insurance overhaul
over the summer. She said it was a response to legitimate criticism
that Republicans wanted to get rid of Obamacare, but had never offered
an alternative.
Rep. Renee
Ellmers on Obama's 1 Year Policy Reprieve
The Bill
LuMaye Show
Rep. Renee Ellmers (R-N.C.) spoke with Bill
following today's reversal by President Obama on Americans keeping their
insurance.
Obama administration
posts low health care signups
CBS 5
WRAL
Republican 2nd District Congresswoman Renee Ellmers, a frequent
critic of the health care law, called the initial enrollment figures
"pathetic." "At the current pace, this law will not be financially
sustainable for six years, according to projections from the Congressional
Budget Office," Ellmers said in a statement. "Meanwhile, my office is
receiving letters from families across North Carolina telling us that
their health insurance plans are being cancelled and their premiums are
going through the roof. Nationwide, more than 5 million people have
received cancellation notices on health insurance plans they were
promised they could keep."
GOP Pounces
on Weak Obamacare Enrollment Report
PJ
Media
Rep. Renee Ellmers (R-N.C.) noted that at the current pace,
this law will not be financially sustainable for 6 years according to
projections from the Congressional Budget Office (CBO). Meanwhile, my
office is receiving letters from families across North Carolina
telling us that their health insurance plans are being cancelled and their
premiums are going through the roof, she
added.
On Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the "Like" button
on my Facebook page
today!
On YouTube
Please
subscribe
to my YouTube channel so you won't miss great video from
the Washington and the Second District.
On Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation on
Twitter.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you
are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to
your e-mail account.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W.
Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite
101
Asheboro, North Carolina
27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 