
Sunday, November 10, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
This Week in Photos: District Work Period
Here's a look at how my staff and I spent this week's Constituent Work Period in the 27th District...
I stopped by Incarnate Word Academy this week to talk to the students there about some of the big issues facing our nation. To watch the KIII 3 News report on my visit to IWA, click
here .
I enjoyed visiting with the Incarnate Word Academy AP Government class this week in Corpus Christi for their "Congress in the Classroom" forum. I graduated from IWA, as did my daughter Morgan. The students had some great questions about life in Congress, the issues facing our nation and the media's role in politics. We also talked about some of the big issues of today, like Obamacare and immigration reform. Thanks to IWA for hosting me this week and thanks to the parents who took time out of their day to stop by and participate in our discussion.
It's my hope that all of our local schools will hold these types of forums where our young people can hear from their elected officials and get a first-hand look at how their government works.
If youd like to set up an in person or video conference Congress in the Classroom event, please contact any of my offices.
For photos from my IWA visit, make sure to check out the "Snapshots from Congress in the Classroom" section in the right sidebar.
Honoring Our Veterans for Their Service
In Honor of Veterans Day on Monday, members of the community are joining together to put on different events and gatherings to honor and salute our local Veterans and to recognize all active duty service members who have served and defended our great nation. Tomorrow, Ill be participating in Veterans Day events in Corpus Christi, Port Aransas, and Portland. In Corpus Christi, Im attending the Bay Area Citizens Against Lawsuit Abuse's Veterans Day Salute, the USS Lexington Veterans Day Ceremony, the Veterans Day Concert featuring the Corpus Christi Veterans Band and, lastly, a Veterans &amp; Military Appreciation Dinner/Concert.
Here's a sampling of photos at local Veterans Day ceremonies this week. We must continue to honor our Veterans each day, beyond Monday, for their willingness to make the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom.
Photo from the Texana Chili Spill Veterans Ceremony in Edna Thursday evening.
My Coordinator of Veterans Outreach, Captain Rene Coronado, headed to the Carriage Inn Retirement Community in Portland to participate in the Veterans Day Ceremony hosted by the Corpus Christi Veterans Band. The Corpus Veterans Band is a regionally-recognized, non-profit organization for Veterans that conducts classical musical performances in military style to honor our Veterans from across South Texas.
A former member of the U.S. Army Air Corps waves a U.S. flag at the Veterans Ceremony in Portland.
Group photo of the Corpus Christi Veterans Band, who performs all across South Texas free of charge to honor our Veterans.
Rene also attended the Veterans Day Ceremony at the Trisun Care Center in Sinton. The Corpus Christi Veterans Band performed to salute all Veterans, active duty service members and their families. Pictured here is a Trisun Care Center resident and spouse of a fallen Vietnam Veteran at the ceremony.
Friday morning, my Field Representative Casey Newman attended the Calhoun County Veterans Day Recognition Program to honor all active, retired and deceased Veterans of the entire area.
Photos from the Nueces County Historical Commission's Tribute to Veterans at Old Bayview Cemetery, the oldest federal military cemetery in Texas and the resting place of 80 Veterans from wars throughout U.S. history.
The CCISD Montclair Elementary School held a Veterans Day Ceremony on its campus Friday morning to honor all our brave Veterans and military service members and to retire a worn American flag in the appropriate fashion: the retirement ceremony calls for the burning of the worn flag in a dignified manner with full honors and respect shown to the greatest nation on Earth. Pictured at the ceremony: Montclair Elementary Vice-Principal and U.S. Army Reserve Lieutenant Colonel Kurt Adams speaks about the history of Veterans Day, which has been celebrated since the end of World War I, when it was declared a Federal Holiday in 1919.
Captain Rene Coronado from my office, among the guests, being recognized for his military service in the U.S. Army and during Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Follow Me on Twitter...
RT
@RepMikePompeo : HHS claimed website was "on schedule" in a July'13 video paid for by your tax dollars
http://bit.ly/17MOs8y
#ACA
pic.twitter.com/Coo9t67WKW
6 Nov 2013
Connect
Latest News
Congressman Farenthold Discusses Politics with IWA Students
KIII TV3
Rep. Farenthold meets with immigration advocates in Corpus Christi Prospects for national immigration reform remain uncertain
Caller Times
Veterans Gather for Weekly Coffee With the Captain Event
KIII TV3
Farenthold doing more national media spots than usual for a junior congressman, political observers say
Caller Times
House GOP looking to limit asbestos actions, frivolous lawsuits
The Hill
House of Representatives to Vote on National Asbestos Bankruptcy Trust Legislation Nov. 13
HarrisMartin Publishing
Tort reform bills placed on U.S. House schedule; could be considered next week
Legal Newsline
Letter to the Editor: Stop the march to socialism
Caller Times
Coming Up in D.C.
Oversight and Government Reform Committee Hearing:
ObamaCare Implementation: The Rollout of HealthCare.gov
Wednesday, November 13
9:30 a.m. ET
2154 Rayburn House Office Building
Judiciary Committee Hearing:
Implementation of an Entry-Exit System: Still Waiting After All These Years
Wednesday, November 13
10:00 a.m. ET
2141 Rayburn House Office Building
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Hearing:
Progress Report: Hurricane Sandy Recovery
One Year Later
Thursday, November 14
10:00 a.m. ET
2167 Rayburn House Office Building
This week on the House floor...
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 11TH
On Monday, the House is not in session.
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12TH
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 2:00 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.
Legislation Considered Under Suspension of the Rules:
S. 252
- PREEMIE Reauthorization Act, as amended (Sponsored by Sen. Lamar Alexander / Energy and Commerce Committee)
S. 330
- HIV Organ Policy Equity Act (Sponsored by Sen. Barbara Boxer / Energy and Commerce Committee)
S. 893
- Veterans Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2013 (Sponsored by Sen. Bernard Sanders / Veterans Affairs Committee)
H.R. 2922
- To extend the authority of the Supreme Court Police to protect court officials away from the Supreme Court grounds (Sponsored by Rep. George Holding / Judiciary Committee)
H.Res. 196
- Supporting the Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution, the right to counsel, as amended (Sponsored by Rep. Ted Deutch / Judiciary Committee)
H.R. 2871
- To amend title 28, United States Code, to modify the composition of the southern judicial district of Mississippi to improve judicial efficiency, and for other purposes
(Sponsored by Rep. Howard Coble / Judiciary Committee)
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13TH
On Wednesday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business.
H.R. 982
- Furthering Asbestos Claim Transparency (FACT) Act (Subject to a Rule) (Sponsored by Rep. Blake Farenthold / Judiciary Committee)
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14TH
On Thursday, the House will meet at 10:00 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business.
H.R. 2655
- Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2013 (Subject to a Rule) (Sponsored by Rep. Lamar Smith / Judiciary Committee)
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 15TH
On Friday, the House will meet at 9:00 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes expected no later than 3:00 p.m.
H.R. 3350
- Keep Your Health Plan Act of 2013 (Subject to a Rule) (Sponsored by Rep. Fred Upton / Energy and Commerce Committee / Ways and Means Committee)
Snapshots from "Congress in the Classroom"
Thanks to Mrs. Dominique Damian with Incarnate Word Academy for sharing this
photo album
from my visit this week.
Kicking Off "Coffee with the Captain"
Capt. Rene Coronado, my Coordinator of Veterans Outreach, hosted my office's first Coffee with the Captain forum in Corpus Christi on Tuesday. Veterans from all across Nueces County and representatives from various Veterans organizations participated in the forum, where topics included Veterans healthcare, the GI Bill, job opportunities for Veterans, and helping at-risk and homeless Veterans. Well be hosting Coffee with the Captain every Tuesday at 9 AM at the K&amp;E Donut Shop, located on SPID and Kostoryz Street. If you or anyone you know is a Veteran, I encourage you to come out and join the conversation.
In case you missed it, click
here
to watch the KIII 3 News story on our first "Coffee with the Captain" this week.
Around the 27th District
Another shot from this week's "Coffee with Your Captain."
This week, my Field Representative Luis Buentello presented a certificate to Value Bank Texas on my behalf. Congratulations on being selected as the Portland Chamber Member of the Month!
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here