DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | November 5th, 2013
CLICK HERE
to see the pictures and graphics in this email.
Dear Friends,
I sent this out to the weekly newspapers in Wyoming last week and I wanted to share it with you as well.
Thank you!
Sincerely,
We Saw this One Coming
This is why.
This is why Wyomings well-informed people told me everywhere I went to fight Obamacare.
This is why House Republicans voted over 40 times to defund Obamacare.
It is because we knew; we saw this disaster coming and tried again and again to stop the train-wreck, (to quote Obamacare architect Senator Max Baucus).
President Obama and his administration knew, too.
They knew that 50-80% of the 14 million Americans in the individual insurance market would have their plans cancelled because of Obamacare.
Millions of Americans may be surprised by it; after all, President Obama guaranteed that if you like your health insurance you can keep itperiod! The President specifically guaranteed then punctuated his guarantee with a period. In other words, a lie was used to sell Obamacare to a suspicious public.
Another of President Obamas many broken promises was that it would be affordable.
Many are not finding affordable rates, or even lower rates than their prior coverage, but rather increased rates.
Rate shock, particularly for young middle-class Americans, is one of the ugly hallmarks of this unaffordable care act and no one knows this better than Wyoming.
Our rates are the highest on average out of all 36 states in the federal exchange!
Further, the law is not affordable for the American taxpayer.
Obamacare insurance subsidies to soften the blow of higher premiums will cost taxpayers trillions of dollars, driving up the national debt.
Another problem we face is that small businesses, already struggling in these tough economic times, are limiting their hiring to avoid the cost of Obamacares mandates.
Jobs were hard enough to find before Obamacares tens of thousands of pages of regulations started strangling economic growth.
The official Obamacare website has had glitches, crashes, and been a failure since day one.
Even worse, cyber-security experts discovered a gaping security hole in the website, leaving applicants addresses and phone numbers vulnerable during the first three weeks of the rollout.
Only time will tell what other technical or security flaws exist.
And even if the web-site can be fixed, Wyomings young adults will bear the brunt of its costs to a greater degree than in any other state.
More are finally joining the fight to stop or delay Obamacare, including those who once supported the law.
Several Democratic members of Congress have joined the ranks and called for a delay or a lengthening of the open enrollment, and unions who once supported the law are now calling for its reform as they foresee harmful effects on their members.
Obamacare is what ails America.
We must find a cure.
Join the conversation! Stay connected to me through
,
,
and
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Newsletter Sign-U p
------------------------------------
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Tumblr
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here