
NEWS FROM WASHINGTON
Greetings,
This was yet another bad week for Obamacare.
Monday:
the administration refused to confirm a Wall Street Journal
report
that enrollment "falls far short of target."
Tuesday:
another " wave of cancellation notices " went out nationwide, affecting millions of Americans. Meanwhile, problems continue to
plague
Healthcare.gov.
Wednesday:
President Clinton said in an
interview , "So I personally believe, even if it takes a change to the law, the president should honor the commitment the federal government made to those people and let them keep what they got." The same day HHS
announced
that a mere 106,185 patients had registered for healthcare on the marketplaces, a fraction of their enrollment target.
Thursday:
In response to mounting criticism, President Obama admitted he " fumbled " the heath care rollout. For Americans who lost their plans, he offered a political gimmick disguised as an "administrative fix."
Friday:
the House of Representatives passed a
bipartisan measure
that would give Americans an escape hatch from Obamacare's expensive premiums.
Gingrey votes to protect patients, supports Keep Your Health Plan Act
I voted today for the Keep Your Health Plan Act of 2013, which passed the House by a 261-157 vote. This legislation allows health plans available on the individual market today to be offered next year, providing millions of Americans the opportunity to keep their policies in 2014. The bill also protects patients from the individual mandate penalty.
This legislation brings much-needed relief to the millions of Americans who have lost
and will continue to lose
their health insurance policies due to Obamacare. This week, the administration attempted to sweep up the if you like it, you can keep it mess with a political ploy, addressing only a small fraction of health plans in the path of this train wreck law. If President Obama were serious about protecting patients, he would have worked with Congress rather than issuing a veto threat for this bill.
Without the Keep Your Plan Act, tens of millions of Americans
93 million by the administrations own estimates
are at risk of losing their coverage. Read more about the legislation
here .
Hearing: Obamacare exchange failures just the tip of the iceberg
In this week's House Committee on Energy &amp; Commerce hearing, Obamacare Implementation Problems: More than Just a Broken Website, Members examined Obamacares faulty implementation and supported legislation to promote federal health exchange transparency.
Obamacares botched federal exchange rollout is merely a symptom of this disastrous laws underlying problems. President Obamas tech surge isnt going to give back the health insurance to the millions of Americans who have lost plans they liked, it isnt going to reverse the hundreds of billions in Medicare cuts that will force seniors to sever ties with the doctors they trust, and it isnt going to remove the regulations and taxes that shackle main street job creation.
Continue reading .
Click here to watch my remarks.
Low Obamacare enrollment numbers predictable
The long-awaited Obamacare enrollment numbers released this did not come as a surprise. The Obama administration announced that a mere 106,185 patients had registered for healthcare on the new marketplaces, a fraction of their enrollment target.
According to the Health and Human Services (HHS)
report , the number does not distinguish between those whove paid a premium and those who selected a plan by clicking a button on the website.
For more than three years now, House Republicans and I have warned Obamacare is unworkable for small businesses, unfair to patients and physicians, and unaffordable for taxpayers. The number of Americans whove had their health plans cancelled is in the millions
exponentially higher than those whove received coverage from Obamacare. This should be a wakeup call to the Obama administration that he must not stay this disastrous course, and keep his promises to the American people.
Continue reading .
Is Obamacare affecting you? Let me know.
Have your premiums spiked? Have you been dropped by your provider? Have you been unable to register on Healthcare.gov?
Since first asking you to share your stories two weeks ago, I've received hundreds of stories describing the burdens this law has placed on Georgia families and small businesses. Click below to share.
Saluting our Servicemen
This Veterans Day I was able to visit with many servicemen and women throughout the district.
Visiting with Army Ranger Christian Stevens and Navy Pilot John Sounders on Veterans Day.
On Wednesday night, I was privileged to meet recent Congressional Medal of Honor recipient Captain William D. Swenson of the U.S. Army. Click
here
to read his incredible story.
Captain William D. Swenson earned the Congressional Medal of Honor for his heroism fighting in Afghanistan.
Getting out the word
This week, I took to the airwaves to discuss the latest Obamacare disasters. Listen below:
Martha Zoller's 'Zpolitics'
On the Air with Washington Times
TONIGHT: Tune in at 7 to 'On the Record with Greta Van Susteren' to watch our discussion on the latest Healthcare.gov news.
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me email updates.
Click Here
FORWARD THIS EMAIL
You can send this message on to your friends and family
Click Here
Home
|
About Phil
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
Contact Us
Click Here Click Here