
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
Home
|
About
|
How Can I
Help?
|
Media
|
Issues
|
The 6th District
Dear
Friends:
Reject Easing Sanctions on
Iran
Last week, I, along with 23 of
my colleagues in the House of Representatives, sent a
letter
to Secretary of State
John Kerry expressing our shared concerns regarding the possibility of
an interim agreement with the historically duplicitous regime in
Iran.
Our concerns stemmed from the possibility that the United
States and Iran are negotiating an agreement that would trade relief from
sanctions that have crippled Irans economy and forced a change in
their political leadership in exchange for a freeze in Irans nuclear
enrichment program.
As I wrote in the letter, the sanctions placed on Iran are
having a real impact on our foreign policy.
The fact that
Iranian oil exports have been cut in half, the value of its currency has
dramatically fallen, inflation is spiraling out of control, moved the
Iranian people to elect a new, more moderate and less pugnacious
president, Hassan Rouhani.
It is this recent political shift in Iran,
in addition to the pressures from economic sanctions, that drove them
to the negotiating table.
However, the recent statement by
Ayatollah Khamenei referring to the State of Israel as the rabid dog of the
region should serve as a grim reminder of exactly who holds the
political power in Iran.
While Rouhani has thus far proven to be
less inflammatory than his predecessor, I do not believe this is the time
to ease any sanctions.
The United States should not consider easing sanctions
that have proven effective for a mere promise that Irans nuclear
enrichment program will be temporarily suspended.
The original intent
of the sanctions was to deny the possibility of a nuclear regime that
has consistently called for the destruction of Israel.
Anything
less than the complete dismantling of its nuclear enrichment program,
beyond what is needed for peaceful purposes, as verified by
international inspectors, is unacceptable.
Sincerely,
Mike
Coffman
U.S. Representative
One on one meetings in Brighton
Saturday,
November 23rd 10:00 to 11:30 AM
Anythink
Library
327 E. Bridge
St.
Brighton ,
CO
80601
-----------------------------
Saturday, November 23rd 12:30 to 2:00PM
Mi Pueblo Market
889 S. Kuner
Rd.
Brighton ,
CO
80601
These meetings are
provided
only
for constituents of the 6th Congressional
District.
If you would like to sign up to receive regular email
updates from Mike, please visit
this
link
$ 17,376,690,559,719
Share on Facebook
Share on
LinkedIn
COFFMAN: Keep reforming the food
stamp program
By Rep. Mike Coffman
AuroraSentinel.com
Published November 15,
2013
In 1996, the Congress
passed and President Bill Clinton signed welfare reform legislation,
Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF), allowing states the
flexibility to craft their own plans to move families living in subsistence
poverty towards self-sufficiency. In 1997, as a State Senator from
Aurora, I led the bi-partisan effort in Colorado by writing the welfare
reforms that would require those receiving cash assistance, under
TANF, to participate in work, training, or education in exchange for
receiving public assistance. The legislation was signed into law by former
Democratic Governor Roy Romer. The new program became known as
Colorado Works and it still exists today.
However, the 1996 federal law did not provide the same
reforms to the other programs such as food stamps, public housing
assistance, or Medicaid.
Recently, the House passed H.R. 3102 the Nutrition Reform and Work
Opportunity Act of 2013, which extends the same 1996 TANF reforms to the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP). These reforms will
require able-bodied individuals, without dependents, receiving food
stamps to find work, attend an educational or training program for
twenty hours a week, or participate in volunteer activities. It also
reforms the application process so that one must specifically request food
stamps instead of automatically receiving them when they become
eligible for other assistance programs.
Although critics of the legislation claim the purpose is
to take food out of the mouths of children, this couldnt be further
from the truth. The truth is that under this legislation, anyone who
falls under the work requirements and who is an adult under 50 years of
age and able-bodied will not be denied benefits so long as they are
willing to sign up for the opportunity to get a job, participate in
training, education, or even volunteer work. Conservatives like me believe
in a strong safety net and the House reform bill maintains that for
those in need.
However, the idea that an individual who is able to work or volunteer should
be doing something in exchange for receiving public assistance has
been and remains a strongly supported principle in our country. Since
the reforms in the 1990s, this link between work and public assistance
has helped reduce the size of the welfare rolls by providing a path for
those in need to move towards becoming
self-sufficient.
Some states, like Colorado, have
already moved forward with reforms of their own, throughout its
30-year history, the Colorado SNAP Employment First program has seen 90% of
its participants successfully complete the work requirements to
receive benefits. I commend the important work this program does for
Coloradans and the House-passed reform will build on that and require all
states to have these much needed reforms in
place.
It is important to note that the just
passed House reforms, the federal 1996 welfare reform law, and the
Colorado Works program are all designed to give people help when they need it
without encouraging anyone to be permanently dependent on the
government. Moreover, the projected savings from the House reform bill will
come from recipients moving towards self sufficiency and not from
arbitrary cuts to the program.
Most people would rather work than rely on government
assistance. Most people want to go out and be productive so that they can earn a
living, so that they can support their family, and so that they can
have hope for a better future. The Nutrition Reform and Work
Opportunity Act of 2013, is designed to give help in what is often referred to
as a hand up instead of a hand out to those in
need.
Post MicroTech series draws congressional
attention
By:
Mark
Rockwell
Washingtontechnology.com
Published:
November 15, 2013
Spurred by a
lengthy
report
in the Washington Post
the week of Nov. 11, House Small Business Chairman Sam Graves (R-Mo.),
Veterans Affairs Chairman Jeff Miller (R-Fla.), Rep. Richard Hanna
(R-N.Y.) and
Rep Mike Coffman
(R-Colo.) said in a joint
statement that they were looking into whether the firm highlighted in
the Post series
Vienna, Va.-based MicroTech -- was evaluated
correctly under federal small business rules.
MicroTech sells cloud computing, network integration
services and IT gear to federal agencies.
Some federal acquisition experts
said lawmakers should focus less on how to define a small business and more on
the rules used to regulate associations between
contractors.
Handing a job to a small business
that then subcontracts out the work to a larger company might be
within the bounds of the rules in many cases, but some argue that such
behavior violates the spirit of
and purpose behind
small business
set-asides.
The Post
reported that MicroTech had close ties to MicroLink -- a firm operating in
the same Tysons Corner, Va., office building, but which did not have
a small business designation.
It has been only two years since the federal government
revamped its criteria for what constitutes a small business, said Larry
Allen, president of Allen Federal Business Partners. Rather than taking
another swing at that, Allen suggested, the federal government instead
should address the often Byzantine "affiliation rules" at issue in the
MicroTech case.
Graves
said his panel is looking into whether the VA inspector general is
investigating possible subcontracting violations. "The VA does a lot of
good things, but determining if a firm is a small business is not one
of them," Graves said in the Nov. 14
statement.
Graves, Miller and Hanna back legislation
introduced by Coffman that aims to boost the contracting prospects of
small businesses owned by disabled veterans by standardizing the way the
Small Business Administration and the VA define a small business and
transferring the VA's verification responsibilities to the
SBA.
"VA should be leading the
way when it comes to compliance with federal service-disabled
veteran-owned small business contracting rules," said Miller, who added that the
Post report highlighted "a shining example of what not to
do. "
Washington Office
2443 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-7882
Fax: (202) 226-4623
District
Office
Cherry Creek Place IV
3300 S. Parker Road, Suite #305
Aurora, CO 80014
Phone: (720)
748-7514
Fax: (720)
748-7680
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy
Policy
