
Friday, November 22, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Serving Florida's 18th District
Our Fort Pierce Office is Now Open!
I am happy to announce that our Fort Pierce office is now officially open and ready to serve the residents of the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches. My number one priority in Congress is serving my constituents, a responsibility I take very seriously. This additional office will help me and my staff assist you in any way that we can and will provide you with a variety of valuable services, which you can learn more about by
clicking here .
Please don't hesitate to contact us with any questions that you may have.
The new office is located at 2300 Virginia Avenue, Room 200A, Fort Pierce, FL 34982. The phone number for the office is 772-489-0736, and the fax number is 772-464-8392.
I would also like to share with you the story of Carole and her husband, Joe, of Palm Beach Gardens to provide an example of issues our offices can assist with.
Carole &amp; Joe
Carole suffers from Alzheimer's disease and has lived in an assisted living facility for the past four years. When Carole's husband, Joe, tried to electronically file their taxes last year, he was unable to do so because someone had gotten ahold of Carole's Social Security number. Understandably concerned, Joe reported the incident to the police.
But then, a few months ago, Carole and Joe received a letter from the IRS indicating an unauthorized change in the password to Carole's Social Security account.
Now truly concerned about what was happening with his wife's account, Joe contacted our office for assistance. Within a couple days of reaching out, Joe received a call from the IRS that the problem with Carole's Social Security account had been resolved. This was very fortunate because someone had actually hacked the account and tried to defraud Carole of her Social Security benefits by arranging for her check to be deposited into a fraudulent account.
Joe and Carole's story shows that if you are having a problem with a federal agency, my office is here to help.
We will do our best to resolve the issue, and in the case of Carole and Joe, prevent a larger problem from developing. It is also a reminder to monitor your accounts for identity and benefit theft and fraud.
Thanks to Joe's attention to this issue, we were able to work together to make sure that Carole received her benefits instead of seeing them end up in the wrong hands.
Economic Update
Earlier this month, the Bureau of Labor Statistics released a better-than-expected jobs report, with the economy adding 204,000 jobs in October and significant upward revisions made to the previous two jobs reports.
Although these numbers show that our economy is moving in the right direction, Congress's dysfunction and governing by crisis continues to hold back our recovery. The government shutdown, while a manufactured crisis, had a very real impact, costing $6 billion in economic output over 16 days.
I will continue to call on leadership of both parties to get to work to find common ground and create certainty and stability so that we can achieve long-term solutions to our nation's challenges and create a positive environment for job growth.
Hunger &amp; Homelessness Awareness Week
As Thanksgiving and the holiday season approaches, it is important to remember that many Americans are still struggling from the economic downturn, finding it difficult to provide food and shelter for themselves and their families. This week as we recognize Hunger &amp; Homelessness Awareness Week, let us rededicate ourselves to helping those in need in our communities. I encourage all residents to consider donating to a local food bank this holiday season.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here