
November 8, 2013
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
LATHAM SPONSORS MEASURE BLOCKING NEW HEALTH
CARE LAW'S INSURANCE CANCELLATIONS
Ever-growing number of Iowans receiving health plan termination notices
WASHINGTON
Iowa Congressman Tom Latham has co-sponsored legislation that will protect Americans health care choices by fulfilling the repeated promise by President Obama when promoting his new health care law that if you like your health care you can keep it.
The legislation, H.R. 3350, the Keep Your Health Plan Act, is scheduled to be considered by the House of Representatives the week of November 11 th .
President Obama promised for over four years that If you like your health care plan, youll be able to keep your health care plan, period. No one will take it away, no matter what. Unfortunately, an ever-growing number of Iowans and Americans are finding health plan termination notices in their mail box that demonstrate the real consequences of the Presidents broken promise, said Latham when discussing the urgent need for action on the House Republicans plan.
CBS News reported
last week that more than 2 million Americans have already been told they can't renew their policies.
And,
NBC News Investigations
also revealed last week that over 11 million Americans could expect to receive a cancellation letter or the equivalent over the next year because of the new health care law.
Media reports are also highlighting stories of how the new laws authority to force policy cancellations is denying Americans health care choices
at a time when many are fighting for their lives.
Seven year gallbladder cancer patient Edie Littlefield Sundby this week
disclosed her personal story in the Wall Street Journal
about how the new law will now force her out of the specified cancer treatments that have proven to be life saving.
What is taking place is much more serious than a failed website, said Latham.
This new law is causing the denial of health care options for Americans who are fighting for their lives and that is simply not fair and it isnt the America I know.
It may have been well intentioned but it was poorly written, passed in the dead of night by legislators who had no clue what was in it, and is clearly hurting more people than it is helping.
I am dedicated to replacing the failed parts of the law with better solutions that deliver better results for patient-centered health care reform for all Americans.
My cosponsorship and support of the Keep Your Health Plan Act is one step in many that need to be taken to protect the health care access and choices of all Americans.
-30-
