
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
SERVICES
LEGISLATIVE WORK
MEDIA CENTER
OUR DISTRICT
CONTACT
November 11, 2013
Traditionally, Veterans
Day coincides with the end of the First World War
the 11th hour of
the 11th day of the 11th month, 95 years ago today. This is a fitting
tribute to those who served not just in that war but in every conflict
throughout our nation's history.
But in truth, every
day we are reminded of the sacrifice made by our men and women in
uniform, and every day we enjoy the freedoms and liberties for which they
fought. To echo Lincoln, the world will little note nor long remember
what we say here, but we will always remember what our Veterans have
done. And for that we will be eternally
grateful.
To the Veterans in our
community: Veterans Day is an opportunity to renew our commitment to
ensuring you receive the care and benefits that you earned through your
service to our nation, and I am never more proud than when I am able
to serve our veterans. I will continue to fight for you and be your
voice in Washington. I am fortunate to have two veterans on staff in my
Springfield office. Andrew and Eric are available to assist you should
you have a problem with the VA or another federal agency. Please
contact my office if we can ever be of service:
610-690-7323.
In this newsletter:
Obamacares Broken
Promises
Protecting
Military Sexual Assault Victims
House Passes Bill Protecting Students from
Sexual
Predators
To learn more about what
I have been working on, please visit
my website ,
my Facebook page , and
follow
me on Twitter .
Sincerely,
Obamacares Broken
Promises
A few weeks ago, I put out
the call for feedback on how Obamacare was working for you and your
family. I received hundreds of emails, phone calls, and Facebook comments
from constituents unhappy with the new health care law. Many had
recently received notice that their health care plan would be cancelled and
they would face higher costs for a policy they did not like or want.
This week I hosted a discussion with a few of these folks, two small
business owners, and two area health care
providers.
I heard
compelling stories, including one from a King of Prussia man whose
health care plan was cancelled and his new plan will cost at least $600
more a month. A small businesswoman from Newtown Square said she is now
shopping for a new plan after her policy was cancelled, and she'll
pay more for a plan with less coverage that she does not want. The
President and Secretary Sebelius said if you liked your plan, you could
keep it. Seventh district families are facing the tough consequences of
these broken promises. This week the House will vote on legislation,
the Keep Your Health Plan Act, which allows insurance companies to
continue offering current individual market policies outside of the
exchanges in 2014. I am a cosponsor of this bill and am proud to support
it.
There are few things more personal than the doctor-patient
relationship. I was struck by how concerned both patients and physicians
were during our discussion that Obamacare threatens that relationship
for many.
Read more about our discussion here .
Congressman Meehan
meets with constituents, small business owners, and health care
providers to discuss the new health care laws effect on our
community.
Protecting Military
Sexual Assault Victims
This week I plan to introduce bipartisan legislation
calling for reform of the so-called Article 32 proceedings in the
Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) to prevent abusive treatment of
sexual assault victims in a pre-trial setting. It takes bravery to come
forward to report a sexual assault, and victims should never be put on
trial for doing so. This bipartisan bill will add important protections
for victims in Article 32 proceedings, reforms that have long been
effective in civilian courts. The Senate bill is sponsored by Senators
McCain, Graham, Ayotte, Collins, Gilibrand, Boxer and others.
Read more
here .
House
Passes Bill Protecting Students from Sexual
Predators
The House of
Representatives recently passed H.R. 2083, the Protecting Students from Sexual and
Violent Predators Act. It will require criminal background checks of
school employees in schools receiving any funding under the Elementary
and Secondary Education Act. I proudly supported this bill because
parents should be able to send their kids to school free from the fear
they will come in contact with sexual predators. Requiring background
checks for school employees is a common-sense safety measure that will
root out convicted sexual offenders and ensure theyre unable to harm
children in our classrooms.
Read more
here .
OFFICE
LOCATIONS:
WASHINGTON, DC
OFFICE
204 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-2011
AMITY
TOWNSHIP
2004 Weavertown Road
Douglassville, PA
19518
Monday: 9am-2pm
BLUE BELL OFFICE
960 Wentz Road
Blue Bell,
Pennsylvania 19422
Wednesday: 9am-2pm
HONEY BROOK
OFFICE
500 Suplee Road
Honey Brook, PA
19344
Thursday: 9am-2pm
PARADISE
2 Township Drive
Paradise, PA 17562
Tuesday:
9am-2pm
SPRINGFIELD OFFICE
940 West Sproul
Road
Springfield, PA 19064
Phone: (610) 690-7323
Fax:
(610) 690-7329
Unsubscribe
|
Update
My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 