
Unsubscribe
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Having trouble Viewing this Email?
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Email:
First Name:
Last N ame
Yes, I would like to receive
the Civility Corner
Yes, I would like to receive
EC From DC
A NEW ERA OF COMMUNICATION
Congressman Cleaver speaks about the importance of a recently announced environmental justice grant as EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy looks on
In my many years of service, it is not often I have been able to bring someone like EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy to town, sit her down at a table, and let area residents express concerns, ask questions, and get answers. I was pleased to be able to do so recently. We began the day meeting with farmers and others with agricultural interests, from Saline, Ray, and Lafayette Counties, to open a dialogue that, in my opinion, is sorely needed.
Many producers joining us told us they are worried about overburdening regulations. And there were several questions regarding fuel containment, run off, and dust. Administrator McCarthy was able to discuss exact numbers of the fuel containment question, and encourage conversation about economics, stewardship of land, and challenges brought about by weather events.
Several area farmers told me the perception they left with was that Administrator McCarthy wants to work with the agricultural community. My hope in putting this meeting and these visits together is to begin to put an end to the days of distrust and finger pointing. The EPA Administrator told the group that she wants to be active in meeting, talking, and interacting with the community so she can better understand specific issues and both groups can begin working together.
EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy addresses the crowd at St. Marks while awarding grant monies to the Black Health Care Coalition
We also visited St. Marks Church, where the Administrator talked about an environmental justice grant recently awarded to the Black Health Care Coalition, and the importance of their work. From there, she wanted to get a first-hand look at Kansas City&rsquo;s Green Impact Zone (GIZ). GIZ is a place where so many tremendous strides are being made to make this area truly energy efficient, improved, and revitalized.
Congressman Cleaver and Administrator McCarthy visit with members of the Ivanhoe Neighborhood Center and Green Impact Zone
I am so proud of Missouri&rsquo;s Fifth District. This effort is truly on the forefront of this new and very positive working relationship with the EPA. I know there is a long way to go. I know there are still many conflicts, disagreements, and challenges ahead of us. But we have much to gain if we can make the exchange of ideas here work. And we stand to become a model of civility, open communication, and progress for the rest of the country.
BANCROFT RIBBON CUTTING
We have come a long way! When the idea of Kansas City&rsquo;s Green Impact Zone was born, we all wondered, &ldquo;Could this really happen?&rdquo; Could we take 150 square blocks in the city&rsquo;s urban core, neighborhoods that have seen decades of disinvestment, crime, and deterioration, and turn it into a green, energy efficient, thriving area? I am so happy to report that the answer is yes &ndash; and the progress continues.
Congressman Cleaver making the announcement of the Bancroft repurposing in 2012
On Saturday, November 9th, we are taking another huge step forward as we officially cut the ribbon on the new Bancroft School apartments. This is a project that not only involves Brad Pitt&rsquo;s Make It Right Foundation from New Orleans, but numerous city and state agencies and organizations, along with dozens of private businesses working tirelessly on making this dream a reality. Most importantly, though, this is about the community. Neighbors coming together and making this happen.
Congressman Cleaver taking a look at the progress at Bancroft in July of this year
When we cut the ribbon on Saturday, the old building will be brought back to life with an auditorium, a gymnasium, a technology lab, a job training center, a medical clinic, and community gardens. This is all in addition to, of course, 50 LEED Platinum apartments.
Architects from the Make It Right Foundation detail progress for Congressman Cleaver and others
I invite you to join us at 1:00 this Saturday, at 4300 Tracy, where there will be food, music, and most of all, a celebration of economic progress and hope for the area &ndash; and the city as a whole.
BNIM Architectural rendering of Bancroft School upon completion
BNIM Architectural rendering of Bancroft School upon completion
CONSULTING THE EXPERTS
Congressman Cleaver joins 3rd graders at Hazel Grove Elementary School in Lee&rsquo;s Summit
I had a whirlwind week of one of my favorite things &ndash; talking with young people about education and government. I stopped at Hazel Grove Elementary School in Lee&rsquo;s Summit, where some 3rd graders asked excellent questions about the government, the process of how a bill becomes a law, how representatives are elected, and what we do in Washington. These kids are going far in life, that is easy to see.
They already seem to have it all down.
Congressman Cleaver joins students at Lafayette High School in Higginsville to teach a history class
In Higginsville, I joined some high school students to explain &lsquo;how the government works&rsquo;. Or, in recent history, how the government doesn&rsquo;t work. We talked about the shutdown, the responsibilities of each branch of government, how they interact, and a person&rsquo;s duty to vote and participate in what happens in their community, state, and country.
Congressman Cleaver joins staffer Kyle Wilkens and some camera shy, but smiling children at Grandview Elementary
In Grandview, I got the pleasure of reading a couple of books to kindergarteners. One was a very exciting story about a big bear and a small turtle. The point was how the turtle outsmarted the bear. We talked about the importance of education and learning.
Emanuel
Cleaver, II
Member of
Congress
Kansas City Office
101 W 31st St.
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: 816-842-4545
Fax: 816-471-5215
Independence Office
211 West Maple Avenue
Independence, MO 64050
Phone: 816-833-4545
Fax: 816-833-2991
Higginsville Office
1923 Main St.
Higginsville, MO 64037
(660) 584-7373 (phone)
(660) 584-7227 (fax)
Washington Office
2335 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4535
Fax: 202-225-4403
