
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT RENEE
2ND
DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT US
November 03, 2013
Dear
Friend,
In the
House Committee on Energy and Commerce , we are asking
questions and demanding answers to explain how hundreds of millions
of taxpayer dollars were spent on a product that does not work. The
failed Healthcare.gov website is a national embarrassment. and it is
important that we find out just what happened and who is
responsible.
Last week, in the Energy and Commerce Committee, we heard
testimony from government contractors who developed the Healthcare.gov
website. This week, HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius answered questions
about the disastrous Obamacare exchange rollout.
In this
newsletter, you will find links to video of my questioning of the
government contractors and Secretary Sebelius, along with information about the
work I have been doing to get to the bottom of the Obamacare debacle
and provide Americans with relief from its effects -- including my
introduction of the Fairness in Failed Federal Exchanges Act, H.R.
3338.
Also this week, I introduced H.R. 3408 - the Injured and
Amputee Veterans Bill of Rights. I am so thankful for the service our
veterans have provided to our country and the contributions they
continue to make to our communities in the Second District and across the
country. It is important that they receive the care they have earned.
Below you will find information about my bill which educates veterans of
their rights and expectations for quality care and requires the VA to
resolve any and all disputes filed against a VA clinic or healthcare
provider.
Please share this information with your friends by
forwarding this email and via social media using the "sharing"
buttons provided for your convenience.
Thank you for your
interest in our community and our government. For more information about my
work in Washington visit ellmers.house.gov.
Looking for Answers
On Wednesday, I questioned HSS Secretary Kathleen
Sebelius about the failed Obamacare exchange rollout and why constituents
in my district are being punished with higher premiums and broken
promises that they could keep their insurance.
Click here
or on the image above to watch my questioning of
Secretary Sebelius at this week's hearing of the Energy and Commerce
Committee.
Last week,
I spoke on the House floor
about
the delays, errors, and fundamental flaws in Obamacare website design.
Click on the image above for video of that speech.
We heard
testimony last week from government contractors regarding the botched
website in a full committee hearing -- PPACA Implementation
Failures: Didnt Know or Didnt Disclose?
Click
here
or on the image below for video from that hearing.
Problems Beyond a
Broken Website
It's bad enough that American taxpayers
spent hundreds of millions of dollars on a website that doesn't work,
but the problems with Obamacare go far beyond the troubles with
Healthcare.gov. I appeared on CNN last week to discuss the problems with
Healthcare.gov.
Click here
to watch the
video.
Ive heard first hand from many of my constituents about
cancelled policies and increased health insurance premiums due to
Obamacare.
Americans across the country are seeing the
same thing . The promise that you can keep your current insurance was
made over and over again by the president, but for millions of
Americans, that promise has been broken. This week,
NBC
news reported
that the Obama administration knew years ago that
millions would not be able to keep their health insurance.
CBS News
reported today that
"more
than two million Americans have been told they cannot renew their current
insurance policies -- more than triple the number of people said to
be buying insurance under the new Affordable Care
Act."
We've also learned that the "Affordable" Care Act is anything but
affordable. North Carolinians have seen some of the highest premium
rate increases and according to
an analysis released
last week , Many younger women who purchase coverage individually
will see triple-digit increases in their healthcare premiums under
ObamaCare.
Background on the Fairness in Failed Federal
Exchange Act (H.R. 3338)
Last week,
President Obama
announced a six-week delay for the individual mandate within the Obamacare
exchanges, extending the deadline for enrollment without a penalty to
March 31, 2014. This is a short term delay for a long term problem.
Americans shopping for health coverage are facing major problems on the
exchange website, leaving many to give up. One report showed that 47
states have faced frequent error messages, noting these problems may be
caused by inadequate server capacity, poor software coding, and system
architecture failure. Moreover, insurance companies have reported
that the federal exchange is generating flawed data, including
duplicate enrollments, spouses reported as children, missing data fields, and
suspect eligibility determinations.
Yet despite these
major malfunctions, and structural defects, the administration still
plans to levy fines on individuals that are unable to obtain coverage.
This is unacceptable, especially since the Obama administration announced
this summer that it will delay the employer mandate for big
business.
That's why I introduced the Fairness in Failed Federal
Exchanges Act, H.R. 3338. This bill will exempt people from the
individual mandate penalty if they have gone without healthcare coverage for
one month in 2014, or in a subsequent year, if an individual executes an
attestation that he or she has been unable to enroll in the
exchange.
Click here
to read my full statement
on this legislation.
H.R. 3408 - the Injured and Amputee
Veterans Bill of Rights
The following is the statement I
released this week regarding introduction of H.R. 3408:
"For
far too long, our veterans have suffered prolonged hardships due to
inconsistencies in the care they receive upon returning home from
defending our country. That's why yesterday I introduced the Injured and
Amputee Veterans Bill of Rights. This bill will require the VA to post a
written list of 'rights' that apply to every veteran in need of
prosthetic limb and orthotic (O&amp;P) care. While veterans currently have
these rights, many veterans and even VA employees are unaware of the
healthcare options offered to them - leaving the system with wide
variations and inconsistencies across the country."
"This bill
educates veterans of their rights and expectations for quality care and
empowers them to advocate for themselves in order to obtain the most
appropriate care that meets their individual needs. To ensure these
rights are upheld, this legislation requires the VA to resolve all and
any disputes filed against a VA clinic or healthcare provider. We must
do everything we can to aid the brave men and women of our military
who have sacrificed so much for our country, and this bill is just one
step in the right direction."
Background on H.R. 3408 -
Injured and Amputee Veterans Bill of Rights:
This legislation
is a bipartisan measure to ensure veterans with injuries and
amputations obtain appropriate prosthetic limb and orthotic (O&amp;P) care.
Inconsistency in care across the country is a problem frequently
associated with the Veterans Administration, and this bill moves to create
consistent and patient-centered healthcare.
H.R. 3408 would
require the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to post a written list of
"rights" that apply to every veteran in need of O&amp;P care. The
list would be written into statute and the VA would be required to post
the list of rights in every VA O&amp;P clinic across the country, as
well as on the VA website. The VA would be required to follow up and
resolve any complaints by veterans who believe the VA is not meeting
their O&amp;P needs.
The rights provided by H.R. 3408
include:
Access to appropriate O&amp;P technology to meet
individual veterans' needs
Ability to receive care from
a private O&amp;P practitioner of choice (the vast majority of
veterans receive prosthetic care through 600 contracts with private O&amp;P
practitioners)
A second opinion from VA medical
personnel as to O&amp;P treatment options
Have a functional
spare prosthetic limb or orthotic brace, and
Timely and
efficient prosthetic and orthotic care.
Veterans
currently have these rights but there is wide variation and inconsistency
across the country as to how these rights are implemented at the
regional and local levels. This bill simply educates veterans of their
rights and expectations for quality VA O&amp;P treatment. It empowers
veterans to advocate for themselves so they can obtain the most
appropriate care that meets their individual needs, and this can make all the
difference in the lives of veterans with disabling
conditions.
H.R. 3408 is identical to H.R. 5428, which passed the house in
December 2010 under suspension of the rules and was scored by the CBO as a
"non-coster."
In the News
Why are premiums
on the rise under ObamaCare?
Lou Dobbs Tonight -
Fox Business Network
Rep. Renee Ellmers, (R-NC), on the
impact of ObamaCare on consumers.
Forget the apologies -- fire Sebelius and delay
ObamaCare
Column - FoxNews.com
Tell that to 50-year-old men
dropped from their old plans because their new, ObamaCare-approved
plans have to cover maternity care. As Representative Renee Ellmers
asked Secretary Sebelius, To the best of your knowledge, has a man ever
delivered a baby? Yet the federal government, in its infinite wisdom,
will not approve insurance
even for men
that doesnt include this
coverage
Thousands of NC health
insurance policy holders receive cancellation
notices
News 14 Carolina
North Carolina Congresswoman Renee
Ellmers brought the concerns of her constituents to Capitol Hill
Wednesday and grilled Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius
with questions. "If an American does not have health care coverage,
they are essentially breaking the law. Is that not correct?" said
Ellmers. "If someone can afford coverage and has that option and chooses not
to buy coverage they will pay a fee," said Sebelius.
Lessons from Ellmers: How to Ask Questions in a
Hearing
Breitbart Big
Government
However, Rep. Renee Ellmers (R-NC) avoided these pitfalls and used her
limited time to full effect by following a few simple rules: ask yes or
no questions, ask questions to which you already know the answer, and
be prepared to respond to bad answers with more yes/no questions. Let
the Democrats, who have to defend Obamacare, waste their time on
open-ended explanations. Watch Ellmers in action here.
GOP Rep. Renee Ellmers: 'Start over' on health
care
The Washington Times
Rep. Renee
Ellmers, North Carolina Republican, said she came to Washington to work on
meaningful health care reform, but that Obamacare is not it. My plan
is, lets get rid of this failure and lets start over with something
that will work, she said Monday on MSNBC. Mrs. Ellmers called for the
delay in the implementation of President Obamas health care law and
asked what she should tell her constituents who are seeing their rates
skyrocket.
Ellmers Introduces
Bill to Stop Obamacare Penalties
News 14
Carolina
Congresswoman Renee Ellmers introduced a bill Thursday to
delay penalties under the affordable care act. This comes after
President Barack Obama pushed back the deadline to sign up by six weeks
because of problems with the health website healthcare.gov. The
administration will still levy fines against people not covered. Ellmers' bill
would change that.
Take My Weekly Survey More than 2 million Americans will
be kicked off their current insurance policy due to Obamacare.
Which
of the following describes your situation? I will be able to keep my current
insurance. I have received notice
that my current insurance policy has been canceled. My current policy has not been canceled,
but I choose to enter the public exchange instead. *By answering
this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you are
having trouble, click here.
Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
On Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation on Twitter.
On
Facebook
Follow this link , then
click the "Like"
button
on my Facebook page
today!
On
YouTube
Please subscribe
to my YouTube
channel so you won't miss great video from the Washington and the
Second District.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you
are authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your
e-mail account.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax:
(202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W.
Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910) 230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite
101
Asheboro, North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336) 626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end 