
For Immediate Release
Contact: Lorenz Isidro
Thursday July 4, 1776
(202) 725-6807
Saturday, November 16, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
13th Congressional District E-Newsletter, 11/16/13
Dear friend,
This week the House voted to ensure that the federal government lives up to the promises made to the American people. On Friday, the House passed H.R. 3350, the Keep Your Health Plan Act by a vote of 261-157.
It has become painfully obvious that despite the Presidents claims that if you like your health care plan you could keep it under Obamacare, it simply isnt true. In fact, more Americans have received cancellation notices (at least 4.2 million) than have actually enrolled in a plan (106,000) under Obamacare.
Our bill is a commonsense, permanent and legal change to the law to reflect the Presidents promise. This shouldnt be a partisan issue, and the President and the Senate Democrats have said time and time again that they are willing to discuss 'fixes' to the law, so I hope they move quickly to pass this bill and sign it into law.
On Thursday,
I was selected to serve
on the House-Senate Conference Committee tasked with resolving the differences between the House and Senate-passed Water Resources Reform and Development Act, or WRRDA.
When the House overwhelmingly approved the WRRDA bill just a few weeks ago, I said that it was a great example of how Congress could put politics aside to work together and govern. Im incredibly optimistic that we can use this momentum in our conference committee to work quickly to resolve the differences between the House and Senate bills.
Its been six years since Congress last approved a WRDA bill, a process that is supposed to take place every two years. Once we complete our work in the conference committee, I hope that we can return to the regular two-year schedule and re-dedicate ourselves to developing our water resources, which is essential to trade, agriculture and jobs in Illinois.
If you havent already, be sure to like my
Facebook page , follow me on
Twitter , and check out my
YouTube channel
to stay informed on everything Im doing on your behalf in Washington and in Illinois.
As always, it is truly an honor to serve you. Please contact my staff in Washington, DC at 202.225.2371, Champaign at 217.403.4690, Decatur at 217.791.6224 or Taylorville at 217.824.5117 if we can be of any assistance to you, or if youd like to share your thoughts on the issues before Congress.
In service,
Rodney Davis
Hire More Heroes
This week I introduced legislation to incentivize small businesses to hire veterans while at the same time providing them relief from the Affordable Care Act. We know offering health care is costly for small businesses and the employer mandate in Obamacare has forced many to delay hiring, cut hours and in some cases reduce their payroll at a time when our economy is struggling to recover.
So this week I introduced the Hire More Heroes Act to give our small businesses another incentive to hire veterans, which helps to address the increasing number of unemployed veterans, while providing them with some relief from Obamacare.
Learn more about my bill here.
Kyle Hendrix
In September, Kyle Hendrix, a 31-year old farmer from Hammond, Illinois, tragically succumbed to cancer, leaving behind a wife and two young children. His untimely passing brought out the best in his rural Piatt County community. His friends and family organized a tribute so meaningful that the best writers and directors from Hollywood could not have created it.
Click here
to read more about the tribute and
click here
to view my speech honoring Kyle.
Video of the week
On Thursday I told the story of Rachel, who, due to Obamacare, lost the health care coverage she had for her and her daughter. She was provided with a list of options to replace that plan, but the cheapest would double her monthly premium and increase her deductible to $6,000 per person. In her note to my office, Rachel said, "We were told we could keep our plan if we liked our plan...we are at a loss for how we will continue our health coverage."
Click here
to view my speech.
###
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here