
November 11, 2013
Click here
to view this email in your browser
Every Day Should be Veterans Day
On November 11 each year, America takes time to honor and remember those who have put their lives on the line in the defense of this great nation.
Without the great sacrifice of our Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen, Marines, and Coast Guardsmen, America could not be the strongest nation in the world nor could we enjoy the many freedoms we do today.
President Ronald Reagan put it best when he said, Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction.
We didnt pass it on to our children in the bloodstream.
It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same, or one day we will spend our sunset years telling our children and our children's children what it was once like in the United States where men were free.
While it is right and good that we set aside a day for our veterans, we as Americans should work to honor them every day.
That starts with ensuring our troops never face a fair fight.
Instead, they should have the benefit of the strongest armor, fastest planes, and most accurate bullets and missiles in the world.
Our troops should also have the best training and the highest quality care.
Our commitment to the men and women who serve this country cannot waiver when they come home and transition out of military service.
The current backlog of disability claims at the Veterans Administration is completely unacceptable.
Earlier this year,
the House unanimously adopted my amendment
to cut the pay of senior officials at the VA if they fail to cut the backlog in half.
Last week, the House adopted another measure that would create a taskforce charged with identifying the root causes of the backlog, eliminating it, and ensuring something like this will never happen again.
We must also work toward full employment for our veterans.
From transition assistance to job training and placement, the men and women who have served are uniquely qualified to lead in the private sector.
As we work to grow our economy, we must ensure we are taking advantage of their unique skills.
In Georgia, we have the great benefit and blessing of hosting every branch of service within our state.
We literally live among heroes.
Therefore it is incumbent on us more than most to
in both word and deed
take a moment this Veterans Day and every day to say two all important words to our veterans: thank you.
---
NOTE:
Please
do not
respond to this email as this inbox is unattended.
To better and more efficiently meet your needs in a timely manner, we use a web form which can be found by clicking here .
E-MAIL SIGN-UP &gt;
This week, the House will vote on the
Keep Your Health Care Act
which would allow those who purchase their health care on the individual market to keep it - just like President Obama promised while campaigning for Obamacare.
Do you support this proposal?
Weigh in by taking my online poll.
LATEST NEWS
Kingston Calls for Answers from Sebelius
Kingston, Atwood Praise Local Business for Winning Contract
House-Passed Water Resources Bill Critical for Georgia's Economy
LATEST VIDEO
In case you missed it, WTVM-Columbus recently highlighted Jack's effort to institute a work requirement for food stamps.
Click here to watch the clip.
Was this email forwarded to you?
To receive regular email updates from me on current issues or upcoming events, visit
http://kingston.house.gov/connect
WEBSITE
|
CONTACT
|
PRIVACY POLICY
Click Here Click Here