
November 12, 2013
Senator Collins Pays Tribute to Maine Veterans
Veterans Day honors all who have defended our nation. Whether they
serve in the Army, Navy, Marines, Air Force, Coast Guard, or the
Merchant Marines; whether they serve in the active duty forces, the
National Guard, or the Reserves; they sacrifice much to serve our
country. We are fortunate to live in a state in which so many have
served with honor. They have earned our deepest thanks not just on
Veterans Day, but on all days.
Senator Collins, the daughter of a WWII veteran, participated in
several events in Maine over the Veterans Day weekend.
One of the great privileges that Senator Collins enjoys as a United
States Senator is helping our veterans obtain the medals and
commendations they earned in uniform but never received. Most often,
these cases are brought to her attention by a veteran's family or
friends. In the case of Jerry W. Dobbins, it was the entire community
of Stockton Springs, along with members of the American Legion Post
#157, who worked with Senator Collins to recognize this hometown hero
70 years after he died.
On Saturday, Senator Collins was proud to present the Distinguished
Flying Cross with Valor, the European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign
Medal, and the World War II Victory Medal to Dobbins' family. Jerry
Dobbins was just 19-years-old when he became the first resident of
Stockton Springs killed in action in World War II.
"It is the American character to answer the call of duty," said Senator
Collins. "It is because of patriots like Jerry Dobbins that our country
still stands, that our founding principles remain strong, and that
people around the world who once knew tyranny now know freedom."
>From WABI TV
:
Seventy years ago, the U.S. flight crew known as "Hell's Angels"
went out for its 11th mission over France during World War II. Of the
ten airmen on board, seven lost their lives, including Stockton Springs
native Jerry Dobbins who helped another man escape safely.
"The act of heroism by Jerry Dobbins truly is inspiring and it
fills me with a sense of awe that a 19-year-old would give up his life
so that his comrade could live," said Senator Susan Collins.
The Stockton Springs American Legion Post worked alongside
Senator Susan Collins for two years to award Dobbins the Distinguished
Flying Cross with Valor.
"It takes a lot of piecing together of the information that is
needed to ensure that these veterans receive this long overdue
recognition," Sen. Collins said.
(Click the play button above or click here
to watch the WABI story)
Gene Dobbins is Jerry's Nephew, and also a veteran.
"We're sad that we weren't able to know Jerry but so proud that
he gave his life for the men of his crew," said Dobbins.
Dobbins said accepting the honor makes his uncle, and the town,
feel closer to him.
"I've always felt a kinship to this community and it's a joy
for me to be able to come back here and spend some time especially on
such a prestigious occasion," said Dobbins.
Jerry Dobbins was the first resident of Stockton springs to be
killed in World War II.
"Being a veteran myself, it means just that much more to me and
I'm so glad that after all these years this is happening," said
Dobbins.
The French town where the men and their bomber crashed will now
display a U.S. flag and a Maine flag in honor and thanks to the men who
lost their lives.
Watch more stories from Fox Bangor
and WLBZ
.
(Left: Senator Collins and Gene Dobbins, Jerry Dobbins' nephew
Right: Brigadier General Bolduc and Senator Collins present medals to
Gene Dobbins
Bottom: Senator Collins and the Dobbins family)
On Veterans Day, Senator Collins attended and delivered remarks at
Sanford's Veterans Day ceremonies.
>From the Journal Tribune
:
Sen. Collins pledges aid to veterans
SANFORD - Today, Stanley Ouellette is a member of the Veterans
of Foreign Wars Post 9935 Honor Guard. For 15 years, he wore the
uniform of the U.S. Army. He served three tours of duty in Iraq, was
wounded, and now, medically discharged, he's home for good.
So is George Brogan, a Vietnam War veteran who served a total
of 22 years in the military - in the Navy and the Air Force. He, too,
serves with the VFW Honor Guard.
Ray Fortier came home many years ago from his service with the
U.S. Merchant Marines and Armed Guard during World War II. A long-time
supporter of the American Legion, he has been a member of the Sanford
post for 68 years.
He and Ouellette were among dozens of veterans who attended
Sanford's Veterans Day ceremonies at Memorial Gym on Monday - men and
women who served their country through thick and thin, in times of war
and times of peace.
There were military families there and civilians, too. The
Sanford High School Band played, and the Naval Junior ROTC group drill
team performed. Shirley Girard, backed by some of the G.I. Dames, sang
the National Anthem.
[....]
U.S. Sen. Susan Collins noted the service of her father, Donald
Collins, a veteran of World War II. Wounded twice in the Battle of the
Bulge, he was discharged after the war, came home to run the family
business, was mayor in his hometown and served as a state senator.
"From patriots like my dad who defended our freedom, all
Americans learn about commitment, service and patriotism," Collins
said. "We learn that the burden of service must be borne willingly. We
learn that challenges must be met and threats must be confronted. We
learn that the mantle of 'hero' must be worn with humility.
"It is because of the quiet courage of those who serve our
country that we take those lessons to heart, honor our veterans and
resolve to pass them on to the generations to come."
Collins pledged to support all veterans with health care,
rehabilitation services, housing assistance, education and employment
opportunities, which drew applause from the audience. Collins is a
member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittees on Military
Construction and Veterans Affairs and Defense.
Among those present at the event was Marjorie Lewis, who has
been a member of the Thomas W. Cole Post 19, American Legion, Auxiliary
for 47 years. Her husband, Ernest Lewis, flew a B17 bomber and was shot
down over Germany on April 10, 1945 and held prisoner until the end of
the war in Europe, on May 8, 1945. He died in 1972.
She said she's among the older members of the auxiliary now,
but still keeps at it.
"I do it for him," she said.
Read the entire article by clicking here
.
(Left: P.J. Cabana, Senator Collins
Center: Senator Collins lays a wreath
Right: Senator Collins, Jim Bachelder, Carl Huntley
Bottom: Senator Collins with the Naval Junior ROTC)
Senator Collins and Mark Swann, executive director of Preble Street in
Portland, penned this op-ed that ran in the Bangor Daily News
on Veterans Day:
It's possible to end homelessness for veterans
Here's where Maine stands so far
This year's Maine Marathon wasn't just another race for Rob
McKann. Rob raced on Oct. 6 to honor the memory and service of his
friend Kyle Coutu, who was killed in combat in Afghanistan in 2010.
Kyle's family traveled to Maine to watch and support Rob. On top of
completing the 26-mile-long dedication to the bravery and sacrifice of
his friend, Rob used the moment to raise funds for Preble Street
Veterans Housing Services.
America's veterans - men and women driven to serve our nation
at great personal risk - share the values of people here at home
working hard to end veteran homelessness. With a grant from the U.S.
Department of Veterans Affairs, Preble Street joined with the city of
Portland and Pine Tree Legal Assistance two years ago to develop
Veterans Housing Services, which helps low-income veterans and their
families find and maintain stable housing.
Part of a nationwide effort to fulfill the VA pledge to end
veteran homelessness by 2015, Veterans Housing Services has emerged as
a highly successful model for reducing homelessness for veterans in our
community. Helping to secure housing for veterans on the street and
offering assistance to those at risk of losing their homes, Veterans
Housing Services is an example of effective public-private partnerships
that can solve some of our community's and country's greatest
challenges and honor veterans like Kyle. And Jim.
Typical of many Maine boys, Jim grew up on boats and docks,
working all day and sleeping at night on the water. Also like many
Maine boys, he served his country in the U.S. Army.
But when he got back home, things turned difficult for Jim. He
camped in the local woods for four years, unable to find affordable
housing, with a meager income and declining health.
Luckily, with outreach from Veterans Housing Services, Jim
found housing and a connection to VA health benefits, so he could live
with dignity and the knowledge that Maine is determined to take care of
those who served our nation.
Jim is just one example of how Veterans Housing Services'
expertise, intensive community outreach and focus on diligent
boots-on-the ground relationship building and collaboration leads to
success.
To date, Veterans Housing Services has served 308 veterans -
either preventing homelessness or securing safe, permanent housing for
homeless veterans and their families as quickly as possible.
Since Veterans Housing Services began operations, Portland's
overnight emergency shelter, Oxford Street Shelter, has seen a
significant reduction in the number of homeless veterans, from an
average of 25-40 veterans per night to a current average of 15-20, and
the National Alliance to End Homelessness shows an almost 10 percent
drop in veteran homelessness in Maine.
And we're driven to do more. With increased attention and
resources from the VA and strong support from Maine's entire
congressional delegation, Preble Street Veterans Housing Services is
expanding across the state. Opening offices in Lewiston and Bangor and
doing outreach wherever needed in Maine, Veterans Housing Services will
replicate proven strategies and tactics and build on teamwork with
partners like Maine's regional Maine Military and Community Networks,
the Homeless Veteran Networking Group, the VA Maine Healthcare System,
and the Healthcare for Homeless Veterans department at Togus to make
sure they have the respect, opportunities and security they have
earned.
While Rob McKann does not know the homeless veterans who
Veterans Housing Services will help with his contribution, their
successes are tributes to his efforts and his friend's great sacrifice.
From the Marine veteran and his wife who lived in shelters and
tents and call their new apartment "our sanctuary" to the Navy veteran
receiving housing and care after suffering a life-threatening stroke.
To the female Army veteran who called her Veterans Housing Services
worker to say "thank you" the day she received her first paycheck from
a job she couldn't have found without stable housing. These men and
women facing tremendous challenges in their fight to secure a better
life continue to demonstrate the courage, hard work and resilience that
they brought to serving us in the armed forces.
It is our unfailing commitment to meet their hard work with our
own hard work and to rigorously defend their hope for their future.
One homeless veteran is one homeless veteran too many, and with
the continued work of Preble Street Veterans Housing Services, and
other programs like it, we will realize our goals and ensure that the
veterans living among us know by our actions how grateful we are for
their service.
U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, is ranking member of the
Senate Transportation and Housing and Urban Development Appropriations
Subcommittee, and Mark R. Swann is executive director of Preble Street
in Portland
"Like" Senator Collins on Facebook by clicking here
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2523
Fax: (202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE, please click here
DEFAULT TABLE ATTRIBUTES ARE:
DEFAULT TD STYLE IS:
DEFAULT LEFT SIDEBAR IS:
DEFAULT RIGHT COLUMN IS:
Can't
see the images? Make sure your e-mail is set to download pictures in order to see the full content
of this e-newsletter.
November
12, 2013
Senator Collins Pays Tribute to Maine Veterans
Veterans Day honors all who have defended our nation. Whether they serve in the Army,
Navy, Marines, Air Force, Coast Guard, or the Merchant Marines; whether they serve in the active duty
forces, the National Guard, or the Reserves; they sacrifice much to serve our country. We are fortunate
to live in a state in which so many have served with honor. They have earned our deepest thanks not just
on Veterans Day, but on all days.
Senator Collins, the daughter of a WWII veteran, participated in several events in Maine over the
Veterans Day weekend.
One of the great privileges that Senator Collins enjoys as a United States Senator is helping our
veterans obtain the medals and commendations they earned in uniform but never received. Most often, these
cases are brought to her attention by a veteran&#8217;s family or friends. In the case of Jerry W. Dobbins,
it was the entire community of Stockton Springs, along with members of the American Legion Post #157,
who worked with Senator Collins to recognize this hometown hero 70 years after he died.
On Saturday, Senator Collins was proud to present the Distinguished Flying Cross with Valor, the
European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, and the World War II Victory Medal to Dobbins&#8217;
family. Jerry Dobbins was just 19-years-old when he became the first resident of Stockton Springs killed
in action in World War II.
&#8220;It is the American character to answer the call of duty,&#8221; said Senator Collins. &#8220;It
is because of patriots like Jerry Dobbins that our country still stands, that our founding principles
remain strong, and that people around the world who once knew tyranny now know freedom.&#8221;
From
WABI
TV :
Seventy years ago, the U.S. flight crew known as &#8220;Hell&#8217;s Angels&#8221; went out for its
11th mission over France during World War II. Of the ten airmen on board, seven lost their lives, including
Stockton Springs native Jerry Dobbins who helped another man escape safely.
&#8220;The act of heroism by Jerry Dobbins truly is inspiring and it fills me with a sense of awe
that a 19-year-old would give up his life so that his comrade could live,&#8221; said Senator Susan Collins.
The Stockton Springs American Legion Post worked alongside Senator Susan Collins for two years to
award Dobbins the Distinguished Flying Cross with Valor.
&#8220;It takes a lot of piecing together of the information that is needed to ensure that these
veterans receive this long overdue recognition,&#8221; Sen. Collins said.
(Click the play button above or
click
here
to watch the WABI story)
Gene Dobbins is Jerry&#8217;s Nephew, and also a veteran.
&#8220;We&#8217;re sad that we weren&#8217;t able to know Jerry but so proud that he gave his life
for the men of his crew,&#8221; said Dobbins.
Dobbins said accepting the honor makes his uncle, and the town, feel closer to him.
&#8220;I&#8217;ve always felt a kinship to this community and it&#8217;s a joy for me to be able
to come back here and spend some time especially on such a prestigious occasion,&#8221; said Dobbins.
Jerry Dobbins was the first resident of Stockton springs to be killed in World War II.
&#8220;Being a veteran myself, it means just that much more to me and I&#8217;m so glad that after
all these years this is happening,&#8221; said Dobbins.
The French town where the men and their bomber crashed will now display a U.S. flag and a Maine flag
in honor and thanks to the men who lost their lives.
Watch more stories from
Fox
Bangor
and
WLBZ .
( Left : Senator Collins and Gene Dobbins, Jerry Dobbins' nephew
Right : Brigadier General Bolduc and Senator Collins present
medals to Gene Dobbins
Bottom : Senator Collins and the Dobbins family)
On Veterans Day, Senator Collins attended and delivered remarks at Sanford&#8217;s Veterans
Day ceremonies.
From the
Journal
Tribune :
Sen. Collins pledges aid to veterans
SANFORD &#8212; Today, Stanley Ouellette is a member of the Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 9935 Honor
Guard. For 15 years, he wore the uniform of the U.S. Army. He served three tours of duty in Iraq, was
wounded, and now, medically discharged, he&#8217;s home for good.
So is George Brogan, a Vietnam War veteran who served a total of 22 years in the military &#8211;
in the Navy and the Air Force. He, too, serves with the VFW Honor Guard.
Ray Fortier came home many years ago from his service with the U.S. Merchant Marines and Armed Guard
during World War II. A long-time supporter of the American Legion, he has been a member of the Sanford
post for 68 years.
He and Ouellette were among dozens of veterans who attended Sanford&#8217;s Veterans Day ceremonies
at Memorial Gym on Monday &#8211; men and women who served their country through thick and thin, in times
of war and times of peace.
There were military families there and civilians, too. The Sanford High School Band played, and the
Naval Junior ROTC group drill team performed. Shirley Girard, backed by some of the G.I. Dames, sang
the National Anthem.
[....]
U.S. Sen. Susan Collins noted the service of her father, Donald Collins, a veteran of World War II.
Wounded twice in the Battle of the Bulge, he was discharged after the war, came home to run the family
business, was mayor in his hometown and served as a state senator.
&#8220;From patriots like my dad who defended our freedom, all Americans learn about commitment,
service and patriotism,&#8221; Collins said. &#8220;We learn that the burden of service must be borne
willingly. We learn that challenges must be met and threats must be confronted. We learn that the mantle
of &#8216;hero&#8217; must be worn with humility.
&#8220;It is because of the quiet courage of those who serve our country that we take those lessons
to heart, honor our veterans and resolve to pass them on to the generations to come.&#8221;
Collins pledged to support all veterans with health care, rehabilitation services, housing assistance,
education and employment opportunities, which drew applause from the audience. Collins is a member of
the Senate Appropriations Subcommittees on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Defense.
Among those present at the event was Marjorie Lewis, who has been a member of the Thomas W. Cole
Post 19, American Legion, Auxiliary for 47 years. Her husband, Ernest Lewis, flew a B17 bomber and was
shot down over Germany on April 10, 1945 and held prisoner until the end of the war in Europe, on May
8, 1945. He died in 1972.
She said she&#8217;s among the older members of the auxiliary now, but still keeps at it.
&#8220;I do it for him,&#8221; she said.
Read the entire article by
clicking
here .
( Left : P.J. Cabana, Senator Collins
Center : Senator Collins lays a wreath
Right : Senator Collins, Jim Bachelder, Carl Huntley
Bottom : Senator Collins with the Naval Junior ROTC)
Senator Collins and Mark Swann, executive director of Preble Street in Portland, penned this
op-ed that ran in the
Bangor
Daily News
on Veterans Day:
It's possible to end homelessness for veterans
Here's where Maine stands so far
This year&#8217;s Maine Marathon wasn&#8217;t just another race for Rob McKann. Rob raced on Oct.
6 to honor the memory and service of his friend Kyle Coutu, who was killed in combat in Afghanistan in
2010. Kyle&#8217;s family traveled to Maine to watch and support Rob. On top of completing the 26-mile-long
dedication to the bravery and sacrifice of his friend, Rob used the moment to raise funds for Preble
Street Veterans Housing Services.
America&#8217;s veterans &#8212; men and women driven to serve our nation at great personal risk
&#8212; share the values of people here at home working hard to end veteran homelessness. With a grant
from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Preble Street joined with the city of Portland and Pine
Tree Legal Assistance two years ago to develop Veterans Housing Services, which helps low-income veterans
and their families find and maintain stable housing.
Part of a nationwide effort to fulfill the VA pledge to end veteran homelessness by 2015, Veterans
Housing Services has emerged as a highly successful model for reducing homelessness for veterans in our
community. Helping to secure housing for veterans on the street and offering assistance to those at risk
of losing their homes, Veterans Housing Services is an example of effective public-private partnerships
that can solve some of our community&#8217;s and country&#8217;s greatest challenges and honor veterans
like Kyle. And Jim.
Typical of many Maine boys, Jim grew up on boats and docks, working all day and sleeping at night
on the water. Also like many Maine boys, he served his country in the U.S. Army.
But when he got back home, things turned difficult for Jim. He camped in the local woods for four
years, unable to find affordable housing, with a meager income and declining health.
Luckily, with outreach from Veterans Housing Services, Jim found housing and a connection to VA health
benefits, so he could live with dignity and the knowledge that Maine is determined to take care of those
who served our nation.
Jim is just one example of how Veterans Housing Services&#8217; expertise, intensive community outreach
and focus on diligent boots-on-the ground relationship building and collaboration leads to success.
To date, Veterans Housing Services has served 308 veterans &#8212; either preventing homelessness
or securing safe, permanent housing for homeless veterans and their families as quickly as possible.
Since Veterans Housing Services began operations, Portland&#8217;s overnight emergency shelter, Oxford
Street Shelter, has seen a significant reduction in the number of homeless veterans, from an average
of 25-40 veterans per night to a current average of 15-20, and the National Alliance to End Homelessness
shows an almost 10 percent drop in veteran homelessness in Maine.
And we&#8217;re driven to do more. With increased attention and resources from the VA and strong
support from Maine&#8217;s entire congressional delegation, Preble Street Veterans Housing Services is
expanding across the state. Opening offices in Lewiston and Bangor and doing outreach wherever needed
in Maine, Veterans Housing Services will replicate proven strategies and tactics and build on teamwork
with partners like Maine&#8217;s regional Maine Military and Community Networks, the Homeless Veteran
Networking Group, the VA Maine Healthcare System, and the Healthcare for Homeless Veterans department
at Togus to make sure they have the respect, opportunities and security they have earned.
While Rob McKann does not know the homeless veterans who Veterans Housing Services will help with
his contribution, their successes are tributes to his efforts and his friend&#8217;s great sacrifice.
From the Marine veteran and his wife who lived in shelters and tents and call their new apartment
&#8220;our sanctuary&#8221; to the Navy veteran receiving housing and care after suffering a life-threatening
stroke. To the female Army veteran who called her Veterans Housing Services worker to say &#8220;thank
you&#8221; the day she received her first paycheck from a job she couldn&#8217;t have found without stable
housing. These men and women facing tremendous challenges in their fight to secure a better life continue
to demonstrate the courage, hard work and resilience that they brought to serving us in the armed forces.
It is our unfailing commitment to meet their hard work with our own hard work and to rigorously defend
their hope for their future.
One homeless veteran is one homeless veteran too many, and with the continued work of Preble Street
Veterans Housing Services, and other programs like it, we will realize our goals and ensure that the
veterans living among us know by our actions how grateful we are for their service.
U.S. Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, is ranking member of the Senate Transportation and Housing
and Urban Development Appropriations Subcommittee, and Mark R. Swann is executive director of Preble
Street in Portland
"Like"
Senator Collins on Facebook by
clicking
here
OFFICE OF SENATOR SUSAN COLLINS
413 Dirksen Senate Office Building Washington, D.C. 20510 Phone: (202) 224-2523 Fax:
(202) 224-2693
To UNSUBSCRIBE,
please
click here
