
If you are having trouble
viewing this message or would like to share it on a social network,
you can
view the message
online .
Home
Contact Me
About
Services
News
Issues
November 11, 2013
Dear
David,
Since 1919, our nation has set aside November
11 th as a day to remember all those who have worn the uniform of
our armed forces. So today please take time to remember and thank the
veterans in our community; call a neighbor who has served, thank a
grandfather who served in WWII, send a note to veteran in your
life.
Today I am participating in several Veterans Day activities with
students
at Excelsior Elementary School in Minnetonka and also a
special ceremony at Minnetonka High School.
Its pretty neat to see
our young people honoring these heroes.
Please take a
minute to read my Veterans Day message below that was printed in the
Chaska Herald.
To all of Minnesotas and Americas veterans: Thank
you for your service!
As always, please feel free to contact
me if I can assist you or your family in any way.
And of
course, join the conversation online by visiting my
website ,
Facebook page , Twitter , and
don't forget to watch my weekly video,
Erik's Correspondence Corner .
Erik
Paulsen
Member of Congress
Remembering President
Lincoln's Words
On a muddy Pennsylvania Avenue near the United
States Capitol in March of 1865, thousands of spectators gathered to hear
President Abraham Lincolns second inaugural address to the nation.
Our country was in its final weeks of the Civil War. In just over a
month, the war would come to an end. That morning, Lincoln tried to
assuage the unease and bitterness four years of conflict had created and
chart out the difficult task of unification which lay
ahead.
In the speechs final paragraph, the president laid out that
path:
With malice toward none, with charity for all, with
firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to
finish the work we are in, to bind up the nations wounds, to care for
him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow, and his
orphan, to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting
peace.
On Veterans Day, our community comes together to
reflect on those words, honoring generations of brave Americans and
Minnesotans who have donned the uniform of our armed forces in defense of
freedom. It is fitting that we take time this Veterans Day to remember and
thank those in our community who have served and to recommit
ourselves to the task Lincoln laid out nearly 148 years ago: to care for him
who shall have borne the battle.
Minnesota is home to more
than 400,000 veterans. Men and women who served on the battle fields
of Europe and the Pacific; who trudged through the jungles of Vietnam;
and our newest generation of veterans, who have heeded the call to
service following the devastating attacks on September 11 th .
Remembering and thanking the families of those who wear our countrys
uniform is equally as important. The family members who stay home when
their loved ones go abroad do a lot to keep their household running,
raising children, and caring for elderly parents and grandparents.
They deserve our gratitude and care as well.
Our state has a rich
history of service and a history of fighting for those who have fought
for us. Veterans Day helps ensure we shine a spotlight on all of their
service.
But, beyond saying thank you, we must also work
to help them transition back to civilian life and assist those who
bear the scars of war.
Service members returning home
or exiting the military often have trouble finding employment. The
Minnesota National Guard is implementing new programs with a great rate of
success that puts the focus on getting our veterans back to work, and
I support the National Guards efforts. I am also a proud cosponsor
of the bipartisan HIRE at HOME Act, which makes sure that those who
have gained valuable experience while serving abroad as mechanics,
nurses, or medical technicians, can now get their certifications in the
civilian workforce much easier. Recently, I also partnered with the U.S.
Army in holding a job fair to help Minnesota veterans who are looking
for work connect with potential employers. The fair was a success, and
we connected many veterans with companies to earn gainful
employment.
Many of our returning veterans bear the scars
both
seen and unseen
of war. It is imperative that we provide our service
members with everything they need to heal their physical and mental
wounds. One way I am helping in that effort is by ensuring that the
TRICARE health care program serving Uniformed Service members remains
accessible and affordable.
I also supported the Military
Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill that funds medical
treatment for 6.5 million patients, including traumatic brain injury
treatment, suicide prevention measures, mental healthcare, and rural health
initiatives.
After visiting members of our armed forces
both here in Minnesota, Iraq, and Afghanistan, I can attest to their
steadfast commitment and professionalism in their service to our
country. When they come home, it is our turn to provide them with the care
and protection they deserve.
So, as we celebrate Veterans
Day, please take the time to remember the sacrifices of those who have
served in our nations military as well as their families. If you know
a veteran, make sure to say thank you; if you know someone currently
deployed, write them a letter to let them know you are praying for
them and their families. Though it is impossible for us to fully repay
our veterans, this Veterans Day let us recommit ourselves to Lincolns
request: to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his
widow, and his orphan, to do all which may achieve and cherish a just
and lasting peace. To all the Minnesotans who have served and to their
families, I extend my sincere appreciation and everlasting
thanks.
Read entire piece online
here .
###
Join the
Conversation
The Star Tribune's editorial
board recently wrote an opinion
piece
on
Congressman Paulsen's work to combat sex trafficking. CLICK below to
read.
Also last
week, Erik
joined
Sports Talk 520 to discuss the
Vikings Redskins game and his work to repeal the medical device tax.
LISTEN below and join the conversation on Twitter
@RepErikPaulsen.
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
