
Click here if you have trouble viewing this email
Heartache
Friends,
If you weren't sure why I've been fighting so hard to stop Obamacare, now you know. My goal has been to protect Georgians and families all across America from the harmful effects of the law and the heartache that would follow.
"I just want to know why I cant keep what I have."
( Daily Caller )
"I'm infuriated because I was lied to." ( LA Times )
"It's unaffordable." ( NBC )
Those are quotes from people who are being dropped from their health care plans and face higher costs due to Obamacare.
I've been hearing personal stories from Georgians who are feeling betrayed and suffering the same health care sticker shock.
For years, the president repeated his famous promise that if you like your plan and doctor, you could keep them. He said, "No one will take it away, no matter what." The Washington Post
says
his promise is actually a whopper, giving it a rating of four Pinocchios.
Last week, NBC News
reported
that the Obama Administration has known
for years
that millions of Americans would lose their current coverage - even if they liked it - because of Obamacare.
Compounding the disaster is the total failure of Obamacare's website, HealthCare.gov. It's so bad that, as Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius spoke to Congress about efforts to fix the website, it actually
went down .
Over the next several months, you will undoubtedly see more hearings, investigations, finger-pointing and blame shifting over Obamacare's failures and broken promises.
I certainly want to get to the bottom of why the government failed you, and why you weren't told the truth.
But know this: More than anything, I want to protect you from the harmful effects of Obamacare. I want to protect your health insurance, your job, and your ability to provide for your family without so much intrusion from Washington.
I don't want you to experience the heartache of sitting down at the kitchen table one night with a letter in your hand that says you've lost your health plan, and that your family budget is in jeopardy due to Obamacare.
It's clear that stopping all or parts of the law will be tough. I believe the president preferred a government shutdown instead of negotiating a simple delay of Obamacare. But, if we stay the course, expose the truth and keep the pressure on, the president might just show up at the table to talk.
The fight is not over. Not by a long shot.
Freedom First,
Congressman Tom Graves
P.S. Share your Obamacare story. Click the links below to visit my Twitter feed, Facebook page and other social networks.
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here