DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
November 11, 2013
Visit My Website
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Find Me on:
Veterans Day in the 24th District
Carrollton Senior Center
Veterans Day Luncheon
Farmers Branch
Veterans Day Celebration
I had the privilege today to speak at the Carrollton Senior Center Veterans Day Luncheon.
It was a wonderful event where I inform the audience about special veterans services, but most importantly, I had the opportunity to thank the veterans for their service to our country.
The City of Farmers Branch invited me to participate in its annual Veterans Day Celebration.
I was able to meet and thank many veterans as well as recite the American Pledge of Alliegiance with a pair of students from Carrollton-Farmers Branch ISD. I am grateful to the City of Farmers Branch for hosting such a remarkable event.
Coppell Veterans Day Ceremony
I enjoyed the Coppell Veterans Day Ceremony at Rolling Oaks Memorial Cemetery.
The Coppell Fire Department provided an outstanding color guard presentation and the students of Coppell ISDs choir and band saluted the veterans with a beautiful performance.
I am always moved to by the 24 th
Districts ongoing support of veterans.
Honoring Texas Veterans | Medal Retrieval Project
Throughout my service as a Congressman, I have been committed to assisting veterans retrieve their earned military decorations. My district office works with the National Personnel Records Center to research and locate records that acknowledge veterans entitled military decorations.
Over 150 Texas veterans have retrieved their medals through this program, I am always humbled to witness a veteran receive his medals for the first time. They are truly heroes, and recognizing their service is the least I can do.
The following stories highlight some of the Texas veterans that were recently assisted through my office to retrieve their medals.
Ray Perry
Last week, the father of Texas Governor Rick Perry, Ray Perry was presented his earned military decorations from World War II at my district office.
In May of 1943, Ray Perry traveled from his home in Haskell, TX to the federal building in Dallas, TX where he enlisted into the U.S. Army Air Corps. Shortly afterwards, Ray began his basic training at Sheppard Air Force Base in Wichita Falls, TX. After basic training, Ray was transferred to Kingman Army Airfield in Arizona where he trained as a gunner and joined the B17 crew of the bomber known as Heavy Date.
From 1943 to 1945, Ray Perry and the Heavy Date crew flew in over 30 successful missions in the European Theater.
The crew did not experience any casualties until one of their last missions when Rays fellow tail gunner, Chuck Buda, was mortally wounded in an air battle against German fighter planes. Every other Heavy Date crew member survived the war, after which they and their families became close friends.
At the age of 88, Ray is the last surviving member of the Heavy Date crew.
Ray Perry was introduced to Congressman Marchants veteran services through his daughter who was seeking assistance to involve her father in the Veterans History Project.
In June of 2013, Ray Perry participated in the project through the congressional office where he was interviewed on video and the recording was submitted to the Library of Congress. Click
here
to watch the video.
Carrollton City Councilmember Bob Garza
Former Sergeant Bob Garza served in the Air Force from 1966-1970 in Vietnam. Mr. Garza currently serves as a councilmember for the City of Carrollton.
Congressman Marchant presented Mr. Garza with the Air Force Good Conduct Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Vietnam Service Medal, Small Arms Expert Marksmanship Ribbon, and the Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal.
Dennis Deruytter
Former Lt. Colonel Dennis Deruytter is Air Force veteran, serving 27 years as an active and reserve officer. Mr. Deruytter entered the Air Force in 1954. Following his honorable discharge, Mr. Deruytter entered the US Air Force Reserves until 1980.
Congressman Marchant presented Mr. Derutytter with the Combat Readiness Medal, Air Force Outstanding Unit Award, Air Force Longevity Service Award Ribbon, National Defense Service Medal, Armed Forces Reserve Medal, and Small Arms Expert Marksmanship Ribbon.
Rick Anderssen
Rick Anderssen entered the US Army in 1966 and served in the Vietnam War. He was honorably discharged in 1968, and 55 years later, today, Mr. Anderssen received the military decorations he earned but never received.
The decorations Rick received included the National Defense Service Medal, Vietnam Service Medial with three Bronze Stars, Republic of Vietnam Campaign Ribbon with 1960 Device, Sharpshooter Badge with Auto-Rifle and Rifle Bar, Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal, Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross with Palm.
Remembering Our Own
Hobart Clay Marchant
Veterans Day is one of the most special days for my family. Shortly after the attack on Pearl Harbor, my father, Hobart Clay Marchant, answered the call of duty and enlisted as a field radio operator for the U.S. Army. For three years, my father served in World War II on the hilltops of the Pacific Islands intercepting vital messages to protect his country and further the cause of freedom. His time overseas also included ground combat at Iwo Jima. It was just one year ago that my dad was reflecting on his time of service and told me how privileged and proud he was to live in the land of the free.
Many of our heroes, like my father, have passed away. Veterans Day remains a tradition to remember their lives and service to our Nation. I am forever grateful to these heroes who have served and sacrificed for our country.
Wall of Honor
The Wall of Honor is an initiative to recognize every veteran in the 24 th
Congressional District.
Regardless of years of service or ranking, the Wall of Honor is open to any veteran in the district. Many veterans live without ever being recognized.
The Wall of Honors mission is to acknowledge the men and women who have served in the military with the recognition they deserve.
The Wall of Honor has been updated and is available for any veteran who wishes to be recognized. Click
here
to view the Wall of Honor and how to sign up.
"Like" me on Facebook to get daily updates on how I am serving you and the 24th District of Texas.
It is an honor to represent you in Washington and I value your input. Please don't hesitate to contact one of my offices or e-mail me at
www.marchant.house.gov/contact .
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
