
If you are having trouble viewing this message or would
like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
November 27, 2013 |
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
Thune Bill Would Prevent ObamaCare Union Bailout
On
November 25, 2013, a new regulation was published by the Obama
administration stating that it intends to exempt union health care plans, known
as Taft-Hartley plans, from paying ObamaCares reinsurance tax. The
White Houses action is a clear attempt to grant a political favor to
prevent further union backlash on the presidents signature law. These
unions agreed to pay the tax when they endorsed ObamaCare, but now,
after finding out what the law means to them and their plans, they want
out. To prevent the White House from granting this special favor,
Senator Thune introduced the Union Tax Fairness Act (S. 1724) on November
19, 2013, which would prevent union health care plans from being
exempted from the health care laws reinsurance
tax.
The reinsurance tax, which is scheduled to begin in
2014, was designed to provide funds to health care plans in the ObamaCare
exchanges to help absorb the cost of care for people with pre-existing
conditions. This tax is scheduled to raise a total of $25 billion by
2016. If unions are granted this special carve out by the president,
the burden will shift to all other self-insured plans, requiring them
to pay more to meet the amount of revenue required by law. Senator
Thunes bill would prevent the White House from providing a special fix
for unions that would exempt them from this reinsurance tax and ensure
that the presidents allies are not granted special
favors.
Thune Seeks
Senate Support for Next Generation Bomber
VIDEO:
Senator John Thune takes to the Senate floor to speak in favor of his
sense of the Senate amendment to the National Defense Authorization
Act supporting the development and acquisition of the Long-Range
Strike Bomber program.
On
November 18, 2013, Senator John Thune (R-S.D.) introduced an amendment
to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (S.
1197) to express the sense of the Senate that the Air Force should
continue to prioritize development and acquisition of the Long-Range Strike
Bomber program (S.Amdt. 2093). Moreover, Senator Thunes amendment
highlights the importance of maintaining air dominance over potential
threats, as well as supporting existing bomber platforms until the next
generation is combat
ready.
Senator Thune believes that our nations ability to penetrate our
adversaries anti-aircraft systems must modernize as our enemies continue to
make improvements to their technology. The next generation bomber will
ensure our nations ability to operate effectively in anti-access and
area-denial environments. As the Air Force continues to modernize, the
Long-Range Strike Bomber remains a must-have capability for future
combat operations.
South
Dakotas Ellsworth Air Force Bases 28th Bomb Wing is home to two of the
three combat squadrons operating the B-1B strategic bomber. Of the three
aircraft that currently comprise our bomber fleet, the B-1B has the
highest payload, the fastest maximum speed, and operates at the lowest
cost per flying hour. As the Air Force seeks to develop the next
generation Long-Range Strike Bomber, the B-1B remains the workhorse of our
bomber fleet, defending our nation at home while retaining our ability
to strike against threats
abroad.
South Dakota Native American Veterans
Honored
Senator Thune and Representative Kristi Noem watch as
Chief Arvol Looking Horse presents Sara and Adam Eagle Boy with a
Silver Medal at the Native American Code Talkers Silver Medal
Reception.
On November 20, 2013,
Native American code talkers from eight of South Dakotas tribes were
recognized at a gold medal ceremony in the U.S. Capitol for their
dedicated service during World War I and World War II. Each tribe received
a Congressional Gold Medal, which is the highest expression of
appreciation and recognition by Congress for distinguished achievements and
contributions. There were 33 tribes from across the nation recognized
at the ceremony.
In addition
to gold medals, silver medals were awarded to the family of each code
talker. In total, 216 silver medals were awarded, including 59 that
were given to the families of South Dakota code talkers. Because their
work was classified until 1968, code talkers continue to be discovered
and will receive recognition as they are identified. Following the
gold medal ceremony, Senator John Thune, Senator Tim Johnson (D-S.D.),
and Representative Kristi Noem (R-S.D.) held a reception to
individually recognize and pay tribute to each family that received silver
medals.
In 2001, while serving in
the U.S. House of Representatives, Senator Thune introduced the first
legislation calling for the Sioux Code Talkers to receive the
Congressional Gold Medal. Later, as a member of the U.S. Senate, he
cosponsored the Code Talkers Recognition Act of 2008, which was signed into law
in October of 2008 and directed the issuance of medals to honor the
code talkers.
Code talkers
played a critical role in World War I and World War II by using their
native languages to efficiently and securely transmit messages that
enemy forces were not able to decode. These communications were a
tremendous benefit to the Allied forces during military combat. Senator
Thune was honored to participate in the gold medal ceremony and silver
medal reception and will continue efforts to honor and support veterans
and their families.
Thune Resolution Honors Vietnam Veterans
On
November 7, 2013, the Senate passed Senator John Thunes bipartisan
resolution to recognize the 40th anniversary of the withdrawal of U.S.
combat troops from the Vietnam War and express renewed support for
veterans of the conflict (S.Res. 280). The resolution, which passed by
unanimous consent, was cosponsored by Senators Max Baucus (D-Mont.) and John
McCain (R-Ariz.). When the Senate adjourned after passing the Thune
resolution, the Senate stood adjourned as a further mark of respect to
the memory of U.S. military personnel who have given their lives in
the name of service.
South Dakota
has a proud history of answering the call to serve, and Senator Thune
would especially like to recognize the ultimate sacrifice made by so
many in the Vietnam War, including 193 South Dakotans, which is why he
is a cosponsor of S. 409, a bill to designate March 29th as Vietnam
Veterans Day.
Senator Thune Applauds Decision to Keep D.C. Booth Fish Hatchery
Open
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) recently
announced that none of the fish hatcheries it operates will close during
Fiscal Year (FY) 2014. Earlier this year, the FWS indicated that the
D.C. Booth Fish Hatchery in Spearfish, along with others across the
country, could possibly close at the end of FY 2013 due to budget
cuts.
Senator Thune is pleased the
FWS chose to reevaluate its decision regarding the D.C. Booth Fish
Hatchery. The D.C. Booth Fish Hatchery has been an integral part of the
Spearfish community for over 100 years. As one of the premiere tourist
attractions in Spearfish, it boasts over 155,000 visitors annually, and
provides employment and volunteer opportunities for many in the Black
Hills area.
Senator Thune
will continue to monitor FWS fiscal management and budgetary
decisions moving forward to ensure it takes into account the unique role the
D.C. Booth Fish Hatchery plays in preserving the history of the Black
Hills, and the great asset it is to the FWS as one of only two archives
of fish hatchery artifacts. The federal dollars obligated annually to
the D.C. Booth Fish Hatchery are highly leveraged with private
funding, making it a very cost-effective facility for the FWS to operate. In
addition to the high ratio of private to federal operation dollars,
the hatchery also utilizes thousands of hours of annual volunteer
labor. These factors demonstrate why D.C. Booth is such a successful model
of private/public enterprise in the FWS system of
operations.
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.* Click
Here
*By subscribing
to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Please Feel Free to Tell a
Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
Read
Senator Thune's Weekly Columns for
November
11/22 |
Local Businesses Deserve Our
Support
11/15 |
Counting Blessings and Giving
Thanks
11/08 |
Creating Loving Families through
Adoption
11/1 |
Generations of American
Heroes
Senator Thune meets with McIntosh
High School's Close Up group in
D.C.
Senator John
Thune and Representative Kristi Noem congratulate Frank White Bull,
Councilmember for Standing Rock Sioux Tribe at the Native American Code
Talkers Congressional Gold Medal
Ceremony.
Senator Thune with veteran Claude Hone at
the Sioux Falls Chamber of Commerce Veterans Day Ceremony.
Senator Thune meets with
Chairman Dave Archambault and Vice Chairman Jesse McLaughlin of Standing
Rock Sioux Tribe.
Senator Thune with two Coyotes fans from
Madison before the SDSU vs. USD football
game.
Washington
Office
Senator John Thune |
511 Dirksen Senate Office Building |
Washington, DC 20510
Phone: (202) 224-2321 |
Fax: (202) 228-5429 |
Toll-Free:
1-866-850-3855
Sioux Falls
320 North Main Avenue,
Suite
B
Sioux Falls, SD 57104
Phone: (605) 334-9596
Rapid
City
1313 West Main
Street
Rapid City, SD 57701
Phone: (605) 348-7551
Aberdeen
320 South 1st Street,
Suite 101
Aberdeen, SD 57401
Phone: (605)
225-8823
Click
Here to Reply or to Contact Senator John Thune
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
