 Thats why I support advanced funding for key veterans programs, to ensure that all the services which our veterans have earned, and depend on, will continue should there be future funding lapses.
As a cosponsor of Putting Veterans Funding First Act, I am committed to fulfilling our promises to veteran services. This legislation would require Congress to fully fund the Department of Veterans Affairs discretionary budget one year ahead of schedule, just like the medical accounts are funded a year in advance.
Obamacare Implementation: While Im supportive of repealing and defunding Obamacare, right now the support for these doesnt exist in the Senate. We can see the problems already starting with this expansion of government. There are widely reported problems involving the website to enroll in the program.
We now know that the Presidents repeated line if you like your health care plan, you can keep it, is false
and the variety of options for health plans never materialized for rural Arkansas.
Arkansas State ROTC: The Army notified Arkansas State in early October that its ROTC program would be one of 13 programs nationwide to close in 2015. However, the Army could not provide us with the criteria used to make this decision. Working with Senator Pryor and Congressman Crawford we were able to encourage the Army to postpone its decision and keep the A-State ROTC open.
Farm Bill: Discussions are underway among Senate and House members appointed to work out the differences between the two versions of the Farm Bills. As a member of this committee to finalize a bill that can pass both chambers and be signed into law, we are working to include safety nets for agriculture producers nationwide.
The Farmer and Hunter Protection Act: We joined Sen. Pryor and others to introduce legislation to prevent the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service from unfair rice regulatory fines on our farmers and sportsmen. This legislation allows each states cooperative extension service to distinguish between normal agriculture practices and baiting.
Protecting the Second Amendment: The U.N. Arms Trade Treaty regulates global trade in conventional weapons and could control the lawful ownership of firearms that Americans use to hunt, target shoot and defend themselves. The Obama Administration signed the treaty but 50 Senators, including myself signed a letter saying that we would not ratify the treaty as it violates our constitutional right.
Safety on the Roads: We joined with other members of the Arkansas Congressional delegation to improve the safety of Arkansass roads and highways by helping the commercial trucking industry establish better practices for the pre-employment drug screening process.
Protecting Human Rights: The Vietnamese government is one of the worst violators of human rights by using false imprisonment, human trafficking and torture against its own citizens. We cannot allow this persecution to continue. Thats why I introduced legislation to combat these human rights abuses.
Home
|
About
|
News
|
Services
|
Contact
Boozman Bulletin: Saluting our Veterans
Watch Senator Boozman&rsquo;s Veterans Day Video Message
There are more than 20 million living veterans, 250,000 of whom call Arkansas home. Honoring our promise to the men and women who selflessly placed themselves in harm&rsquo;s way has always been one of my highest priorities. We are always looking for ways to improve programs and implement new plans to help make the lives of our veterans better.
We have made progress on the front of expanding veterans&rsquo; benefits, but there is still work to be done. It&rsquo;s important that we continue to improve these benefits.
That&rsquo;s why I support advanced funding for key veterans&rsquo; programs , to ensure that all the services which our veterans have earned, and depend on, will continue should there be
future funding lapses . As a cosponsor of
Putting Veterans Funding First Act,
I am committed to fulfilling our promises to veteran services. This legislation would require Congress to fully fund the Department of Veterans Affairs&rsquo; discretionary budget one year ahead of schedule, just like the medical accounts are funded a year in advance.
Quick Takes:
Obamacare Implementation:
While
I&rsquo;m supportive of repealing and defunding Obamacare, right now that support doesn&rsquo;t exist in the Senate. We can see the problems already starting with this expansion of government. There are
widely reported problems involving the website
to enroll in the program. We now know that the President&rsquo;s repeated line
if you like your health care plan, you can keep it, is false
and the
variety of options for health plans never materialized for rural Arkansas .
Arkansas State ROTC : The Army notified Arkansas State in early October that its ROTC program would be one of 13 programs nationwide to close in 2015. However, the Army could not provide us with the criteria used to make this decision.
Working with Senator Pryor and Congressman Crawford we were able to encourage the Army to postpone its decision and keep A-State ROTC open .
Farm Bill:
Discussions are underway among Senate and House members appointed to work out the differences between the two versions of the Farm Bills . As a member of this committee that's finalizing a bill that can pass both chambers and be signed into law, we are working to include safety nets for agriculture producers nationwide.
The Farmer and Hunter Protection Act :
We joined Sen. Pryor and others supporting legislation to prevent the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service from authorizing unfair rice regulatory fines on our farmers and sportsmen.
This legislation allows each state&rsquo;s cooperative extension service to distinguish between normal agriculture practices and baiting.
Protecting the Second Amendment : The U.N. Arms Trade Treaty regulates global trade in conventional weapons and could control the lawful ownership of firearms that Americans use to hunt, target shoot and defend themselves. The Obama Administration signed the treaty but
50 Senators, including myself signed a letter saying that we would not ratify the treaty
as it violates our constitutional right . I will continue to fight against this power grab.
Safety on the Roads:
We joined with other members of the Arkansas Congressional delegation to
improve the safety of Arkansas&rsquo;s roads and highways
by helping the commercial trucking industry establish better practices for the pre-employment drug screening process.
Protecting Human Rights:
The Vietnamese government is one of the worst violators of human rights by using false imprisonment, human trafficking and torture against its own citizens. We cannot allow this persecution to continue. That&rsquo;s why
I introduced legislation to combat these human rights abuses.
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
