
If you are having trouble viewing this
message or would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
November 15, 2013
Unsubscribe
Update My Profile
Website
|
About
Doug
|
District Map
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues &amp; Legislation
|
News
|
Contact |
Dear Friend,
This
week the House passed a bill to give relief to millions of Americans,
including 250,000 Coloradans, who have lost their health insurance as a
result of ObamaCare. The House bill, H.R. 3350,
the Keep Your Health Care Act , does not attempt to "fix" ObamaCare, because I don't believe it
can be fixed. Instead, it simply allows Americans the opportunity to
keep their private healthcare plans, as the President promised they
could.
The bill had broad bipartisan
support. Unfortunately, the President has vowed to veto the bill.
This is despite the fact that he attempted to do by executive order
nearly the same thing the day before. It is clear President Obama's
healthcare law is far more than a "glitchy website" -- it is the train wreck
many of us predicted it would be.
President Obama knew all along people wouldn't be able
to keep their insurance. What we are all seeing today is the result of
arrogrance of bureaucrats and the ruling class at the White House.
These people think they know what is best for us and that we don't know
how to pick our own health insurance.
I have heard from many of you in recent weeks who
have gotten cancellation notices. I highlight the story of Nicole Butler
and her family in my newsletter below. Also in my newsletter you can
read about my bill to honor a slain Army chaplain from Fort
Carson.
It is an honor to serve
you in Congress.
Sincerely,
250,000 Coloradans Lose Health Insurance
Policies
Nicole Butler &amp; family of Colorado Springs recently
got cancellation notices
Several months ago Nicole Butler of Colorado Springs got one of the
state's first cancellation notices from her private healthcare
insurance. She was informed her family's premiums would more than double --
going from $431/month to $1,003/month. Her insurance company told her
she may qualify for federal ObamaCare subsidies on the healthcare
exchanges. However, she told my staff she doesn't want a government
handout. Like so many Americans, she has been responsible and self-reliant
and doesn't want to start depending on the government
now.
The
Keep Your Healthcare Act ,
which I voted for this week, would allow Nicole's insurance company to
keep selling her current healthcare plan. Still, it is not the long
term solution to the problem of ObamaCare. I continue to believe we need
to repeal the entire bill and start over with patient-centered
reform.
To learn more about what
that looks like, click
here
to read about the
American Healthcare Reform Act , a bill I have
co-sponsored.
To view a short
speech I made on the House Floor this week talking about the
Keep
Your Healthcare Act
and Nicole's story, please click
here .
Congressman Doug Lamborn
on the House Floor Fights for People to Keep Health Insurance
Plans
To view video, click
here .
Religious Freedom in the
Military
Congressman Doug Lamborn Speaks on Religious Freedom on the
House Floor
To view video, click
here .
This week I
spoke on the House Floor to once again call attention to the importance
of religious freedom for our men and women in uniform. Here is an
excerpt from that speech:
This religious intolerance is unacceptable.
Our nation was founded on Christian principles but we have always
believed in the freedom of self-expression and tolerance.
We owe it
to our men and women in uniform to defend these basic rights. Religious
freedom is an integral component of Americas greatness and has been
a pillar of our nation from the very beginning.
We must remain
firmly committed to defending that freedom.
To view my full remarks, click
here .
Honoring Slain Army
Chaplain
Army Chaplain Dale
Allen Goetz
U.S. Post Office, 201 East Pike Avenue, Colorado
Springs
This week I introduced a bill,
H.R. 3455 ,
to name the 201 East Pike Avenue
post office in downtown Colorado Springs after slain Army chaplain
Dale Allen Goetz. Goetz was the first Army clergyman killed in action
since the Vietnam War. Goetz was killed in August 2010 while serving his
country in Afghanistan. He was riding with a resupply convoy when the
enemy attacked with an improvised explosive near the Arghandab River
Valley. Four of his fellow soldiers from Fort Carson died with him in
that attack. Goetz was serving with the 1st Battalion, 66th Armor
Regiment, 1st Brigade Combat Team with the 4th Infantry Division of Fort
Carson, Colorado.
Chaplain
Goetz was a man of uncommon faith. In 2002, he left his small congregation
in South Dakota to volunteer to serve in the Army, knowing the risks
he faced. According to one of his good friends,
"God was using
him. He was very actively witnessing. He didnt want to be just a
social worker. He wanted to see soldiers hear the Gospel and trust Christ."
His devotion, his service to others, and his love of country were an
example to all.
I had the
honor of meeting Dale's widow, Christy. She, too, is a person of
tremendous faith. She and her late husband are an inspiration to everyone
whose lives they have touched. I trust that the people of Colorado Springs
will remember Dale every time they enter the downtown post office on
East Pike Avenue. I hope they remember his patriotism, his courage,
and his faith.
Revival of the Jewish Fighting
Spirit
Congressman Doug Lamborn addresses the Israel Allies Foundation Washington
2013 Washington Conference
It was an honor to be part of the revival of the Jewish fighting
spirit so much on display at a dinner I attended this week for the
Israel Allies Foundation.
What Say
You?
One of the most important things I can do is listen to my
constituents. My staff and I get hundreds of phone calls, emails, letters,
and social media postings every week. Here is a sampling of what you
are saying.
On
Facebook
this week I asked you about President Obama's "fix" to
his healthcare law. Here is a sampling of your
replies:
Richard
Coshow :
They lied. Full repeal. Beat
the Dems with it in 2014! Start with Udall, finish with Bennet in
2016.
Chuck
Vanasse :
Yep, the more money
$$$ for insurance will be a bigger deal than a bad web site and a
canceled plan. That tsunami of money, money, money is coming and it will
drown out all the other "little" issues. People have no idea how much
worse that money issue will be - way worse. Obamacare the nightmare
won't stop
terrifying.
Jeanette Elton :
The
president is supposed to uphold the law. Any "fixes" should be made by
congress.
From the
Mailbag :
Joy Maples:
I would strongly support the FAILURE TO PASS of the UN
Treaty on Disabilities.
The United States of
America has laws supporting the rights of disabled citizens. We need no
other "help" in this area. Especially from the United Nations. I hope
that you will stand for me and vote AGAINST the UN Treaty on
Disabilities. It just keeps coming back and back
again.
Robyn Tinkle:
Remember these words? They
are those of Seanator Obama back in 2006: "The fact that we are here
today to debate raising America's debt limit is a sign of leadership
failure. It is a sign that the US Government cannot pay its own bills.
It is a sign that we now depend on ongoing financial assistance from
foreign countries to finance our Government's reckless fiscal policies.
Increasing America's debt weakens us domestically and internationally.
Leadership means that, 'the buck stops here.' Instead, Washington is
shifting the burden of bad choices today onto the backs of our
children and grandchildren. America has a debt problem and a failure of
leadership. Americans deserve better."
Please remind
him of these words along with the rest of Congress. Thank you for
representing hard working Americans. I no longer feel like I have a voice
when it comes to this administration and the Senate. I appreciate your
perspective and hard work on behalf of conservative
Americans.
From the
Phones :
Marie:
The president does not
have the authority to change the law. That is Congress's
job!
George:
I don't think the
Republicans should try to "fix" ObamaCare. I am afraid the Senate will take that
bill and change it so that Republicans get all the
blame.
Mark:
I am a veteran and I don't want
Congress changing my healthcare benefits. I am afraid that Congress will
try to take away my healthcare to pay for
ObamaCare.
Survey
Says...
In my last newsletter, I asked for
your thoughts on ObamaCare. While the results are not scientific,
they are interesting.They reinforce my concern that the president's
healthcare law is causing widespread uncertainty and anxiety for many
Americans. Millions of Americans
have alread lost their healthcare
insurance, and many more fear they will lost theirs in the
future.
Suggested
Reading
Below are a few recent op-eds you may find helpful and thought
provoking. I may not agree with everything an author may have written
elsewhere.
Click on the links below to read the
article.
Wall Street
Journal: The Case for Stronger Sanctions on
Iran
Wall Street Journal:
Will ObamaCare Rip off the Young Healthies
?
Wall Street Journal: The
ObamaCare Awakening
In the News
Denver Post: Lamborn Pushes to Get Post
Office Named After Slain Army Chaplain
The Hill: House Readies Vote
to Thwart Fracking Regs
Denver Post: Colorado Republicans Support
Path to Citizenship
Denver Post: Defense Cuts Put Lamborn in Tough
Fight
Gazette: Take a Ride on Ronald Reagan
Highway
CONTACT INFORMATION
WASHINGTON OFFICE
2402 Rayburn HOB |
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4422
Fax:
(202) 226-2638
DISTRICT OFFICES 1271 Kelly Johnson
Blvd. Suite 110
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
DISTRICT OFFICES
415 Main Street |
Buena Vista, CO 81211
Phone: (719)
520-0055 |
Fax: (719) 520-0840
Update My Profile
-
Unsubscribe
-
Privacy
Policy
gateway mail end
