DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
Keeping the Promise for Employer-Sponsored Health Plans
Last week, the House passed legislation to allow individuals to continue purchasing the health plan they have right now. However, its not just individual market plans that may be taken away by Obamacare. Over the next year, many employer-sponsored plans may also end because of new regulations. Employers would be faced with a difficult to decision to purchase new, more expensive plans or pay a fine and let employees purchase coverage in the Obamacare exchanges. My colleague, Dr. Bill Cassidy (R-LA), introduced the Employee Health Care Protection Act. The bill would allow health insurance currently available on the group market to continue to be offered. It is important that every American be able to keep an insurance plan if it is working well for them.
Encouraging Innovative Medical Apps
Smartphones have revolutionized the way we communicate, but they are also having a big impact on medical care. Doctors and other health care professionals are increasingly using smartphone apps to diagnose and treat disease. This week, I chaired a Health Subcommittee hearing to look at how the Food and Drug Administration is planning to regulate apps. This is an innovative field and there is concern that the FDA doesnt have clear direction on how they should regulate apps. Our hearing discussed a bipartisan proposal to make things clearer for the FDA. I think this is an opportunity for us to work across party lines and with regulators to clear things up and allow innovators to move forward with confidence.
Subcommittee Looks Closer at Bill to Prevent Doping in Horseracing
LThis week, the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade held a hearing to look at my bill to prevent doping in horseracing, the Horseracing Integrity and Safety Act. My bipartisan legislation, which requires no taxpayer funding, would let the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency set rules for administering drugs to horses. Practically every sport has taken strong steps to prevent doping. However, in horseracing horses and jockeys are being hurt and even killed because there is no strong punishment for cheating. This hearing is the first step in the bill being considered by the House. To view my opening statement,
CLICK HERE .
Ensuring Fair Immigration Policies for American Citizens and their Families
A caseworker in my Lancaster office who assists constituents with immigration applications noticed something curious in the past few months: applications for resident non-citizens (green card holders) to have family members visit the U.S. were being processed faster than the same applications put in by U.S. citizens. After inquiring about why there was a difference in the time for processing, the Citizenship and Immigration Services dedicated additional resources to process citizens applications. Hopefully this will mean a fairer process that prioritizes citizens applications. Ill be continuing to monitor this situation and make sure the government does the right thing.
Op-ed of the Week: An Address for All Times
In 1863, the predecessor of the Harrisburg Patriot-News remarked on Lincolns address at Gettysburg that: We are willing that the veil of oblivion shall be dropped over them [Lincolns words] and that they shall be no more repeated or thought of.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Obamacare's Problems Run Deeper than the Website
Rep. Pitts opens up a hearing to discuss the many problems of Obamacare apart from the website.
Is Doping Hurting Horseracing in the U.S.?
Rep. Pitts asks witnesses question at the subcommittee hearing looking at his legislation to prevent doping in horseracing.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here