
Sunday, November 3, 2013
WEBSITE
|
FORWARD TO A FRIEND
| SHARE ON:
Obamacare: Not Ready for Prime Time
How has Obamacare affected you, your family or your business? Let us know by clicking
here .
If you like your health insurance you CANT keep it
This week, some of the truths about Obamacare came to light - including confirmation by the Obama Administration of what my colleagues and I have been saying for years.
This week, the President FINALLY admitted that his oft repeated promise "if you like your health care plan, you can keep it," is simply not true. The President not only campaigned on this false promise - but he continued to make this claim even AFTER Obamacare was signed into law. In fact, he touted this lie until this week, even after it came to light that hundreds of thousands of Americans have begun receiving notices from their insurance companies that their coverage will be dropped due to Obamacare.
Even more disturbing, also this week, we found out the Obama Administration admitted it knew - since 2010 - that millions would lose their insurance coverage under Obamacare... therefore admitting the President was intentionally misleading the American people when he claimed we could keep our health care plans under Obamacare. Lying to the American people is unacceptable behavior for any government official, especially the President. This time, he can't claim he "was in the dark", as he did with other scandals like the Benghazi attacks, the IRS' political targeting of conservative groups, the NSA spying, Fast and Furious... the list goes on and on.
Healthcare.gov : $600 million #fail
This week, we also learned more about the problem-ridden
HealthCare.gov
rollout. The House Energy and Commerce Committee held a hearing with Secretary Kathleen Sebelius, where she (finally) took some sort of responsibility in the website debacle, after first blaming the website contractors. We also learned how many people were able to enroll in Obamacare on October 1st. After my committee, the House Oversight and Government Committee, subpoenaed the Administration for documents related to the failed website, it turned over documents that showed a whopping SIX people were able to successfully enroll in Obamacare the date the exchanges opened - a date that the Obama Administration had three years and $600 million to prepare for.
#FairnessForall
Laws should apply to everyone
President Obama and his Administration continue to tout Obamacare and how great it is... but the public exchanges are open and the President, his family and his appointees have not enrolled. If it's good enough for all Americans, it should be good enough for the lawmakers who authored it. Thats why we in the House passed measure after measure to require that Members of Congress, the President and all high-level government officials in the Executive Branch be subject to Obamacare, just like everyone else. Unfortunately, the Senate Democrats never acted on any of our measures to ensure fairness for all
choosing, instead, to give high-level government officials in the Executive Branch, the President, his family, and Members of Congress special treatment under Obamacare.
While the President made sure to exempt himself and his staff from Obamacare, every member of my staff and I will be complying with the Obamacare law, just like everyone else. While I would like to protect EVERYONE from the Obamacare trainwreck, including my staff, until we can repeal, delay or replace the law (or at least ensure it applies equally to everyone), it wouldn't be fair to the people I represent to give my staff any exemptions from the law. We're all in this together.
I am a steadfast believer in the principle that Members of Congress must adhere to the same laws they make for the people they serve. The President and House and Senate Democrats cannot fix the Obamacare trainwreck by granting special government carve-outs from the law for a select few. The best remedy to this egregious law would be to exempt everyone by dismantling Obamacare and replacing it with market based solutions that lower costs and provide better quality of care for all Americans. One such proposal is the Republican Study Committees
"American Health Care Reform Act."
However, given the President and Democrats refusal to budge or negotiate with us on this issue, I dont see that happening anytime soon. In the meantime, the President and Senate should at least help us ensure fairness for all Americans under Obamacare. I will continue to call on the President and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to stop the government carve-outs and join our efforts to make the law equally apply to Congress, the President, his family and appointees, and delay implementation of the trainwreck for individuals until the enrollment system works.
Addressing Our Veterans' Needs &amp; Ending Abuse in the VA
I questioned senior VA officials at our Oversight hearing this week on why the VA spent millions on lavish conferences - while our Veterans have been waiting for months, and even YEARS, for their benefit claims to be processed. To hear how the officials responded, click on the image above or
here .
With Veterans Day approaching, we held a hearing in the Oversight and Government Reform Committee with senior officials from the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to examine why the Department wasted millions of taxpayer dollars on conferences, while wounded warriors have waited months or even years to receive the help they deserve and were promised for their service to our nation. For example, the VA held two week-long conferences in Orlando, Florida that cost taxpayers $6.1 MILLION. They paid overtime for conference planners to check out possible conference sites.
These site visits included helicopter rides and spa treatments.This is especially disturbing given the fact that the VA is experiencing a backlog of 717,000 unprocessed claims. Wouldnt this overtime have better been used processing claims?
I demanded this answer, among others, from the VA officials at our hearing (watch
here ). The Secretary of the VA says hes confident the backlog issue will be resolved by 2015. Frankly, thats not good enough. We should be doing everything possible to guarantee our Veterans the support and benefits they deserve.
Those who have served this country did not wait months or years to answer the call to protect our freedom and we must not ask them to wait for the benefits they earned and need.
In my fight to reduce the size of government and end wasteful Washington spending, I have never forgotten our Veterans and the sacrifices they have made. The VA has been almost completely exempt from sequestration cuts. In fact, they were given an additional $300 million in funding by Congress to help our Veterans. This claims backlog is unacceptable.
Helping Veterans on a One-on-One Basis
If you are a Veteran and are having problems or delays with the VA, please do not hesitate to call me or any member of my staff, including my Veterans Field Representative, Retired U.S. Army Captain Rene Coronado. Capt. Coronado is an Iraq War Veteran, and knows firsthand the challenges you face as a service member.
You can reach me or Rene this week at in my Corpus Christi office at 361-884-2222, or you can email Rene at
Rene.Coronado@mail.house.gov . (you can reach me by email by clicking
here ). For more information about my Veterans services, please visit my website at
Farenthold.House.Gov .
Last week in the House
Outside of our work on the Oversight Committee, we in the House passed several measures to maintain and strengthen Veterans' educational resources and programs, clear the red tape associated with dealing with the VA, and ensure our Veterans receive the benefits to which theyre entitled. This week, we passed...
H.R. 3304 ,
To authorize and request the President to award the Medal of Honor to Bennie G. Adkins and Donald P. Sloat of the United States Army for acts of valor during the Vietnam Conflict and to authorize the award of the Medal of Honor to certain other veterans who were previously recommended for award of the Medal of Honor
H.R. 2011 , the
Veterans Advisory Committee on Education Improvement Act
: Provides a two-year extension of the Veterans Advisory Committee on Education, which advises the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) on current educational programs and benefits available to Veterans, and then makes recommendations to the VA on what new educational benefit programs are needed. This bill would also require the Committee to grant benefits to Veterans of the post-9/11 operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. Currently, the cut off for benefit eligibility is placed at Veterans of the Persian Gulf War. Now that the House has acted, its crucial that the Senate follow suit and swiftly take up our bill because the current authorization for the Veterans Advisory Committee is set to expire on December 31, 2013.
H.R. 2189 ,
To improve the processing of disability claims by the Department of Veterans Affairs
: Establishes a task force to resolve the backlog of disability claims of the VA. The task force created under this bill will make changes to the current system to prevent approval delays and increase access to medical examinations, which is crucial in determining VA compensation and pension benefits. This bill would also require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit a report every 120 days stating why Veterans disability claims were approved or denied, with a maximum of 125 days after a claim was submitted. H.R. 2189 will also give priority treatment to those Veterans who are: older than 70, terminally ill or suffering a life threatening illness, homeless, Medal of Honor recipients, Prisoners of War (POWs), and those Veterans who have been previously denied claims relating to military sexual trauma, or have been determined by the Secretary as seriously injured.
H.R. 1405 ,
To amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to include a notice of disagreement form in any notice of decision issued for the denial of a benefit sought, to improve the supervision of fiduciaries of veterans under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs
: Requires the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to include an appeals form with any written notice denying benefits to a Veteran seeking them. Under this bill, the VA will also have to include with a denial notice a detailed explanation as to why the claim was denied. H.R. 1405 will also allow certain state and local government employees to access the status of pending claims of consenting Veterans, which will make it easier for Veterans to stay up-to-date on the progress made on their VA claims.
H.R. 2481 , the
Veterans Economic Opportunity Act
: Streamlines government programs important to our Veterans and increases funding, eligibility, and protection for Veterans and their families. This bill would create a Veterans Economic Opportunity Administration (VEOA), who would be charged with managing the GI Bill, Home Loan Guarantee, Vocational Rehabilitations and Employment programs for Veterans. H.R. 2481 will also amend the eligibility requirements for the Fry Scholarship, available to children of service members killed in active duty, and will increase the protections under the Service Members Civil Relief Act.
OPM IG Act Clears Oversight Committee
This week, my bill to increase oversight of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) in a financially responsible way passed its first hurdle in the House. Tuesday, the Oversight and Government Reform Committee approved
H.R. 2860 , the "OPM IG Act". I introduced the OPM IG Act to address the the OPM's seriously flawed process for conducting its audits and investigations. My bill will allow for the OPM Inspector General (IG) to use part of the revolving fund to pay for internal audits and investigations, providing resources for critical oversight at a low cost through using existing funds. The next stop for the OPM IG Act will be the House floor, where I'm counting on my colleagues to support this commonsense, bipartisan measure.
Promoting Innovation &amp; Taking Action to Stop Patent Trolls
Trolling Patent Trolls
As I mentioned in last weeks
newsletter , this week, we held our first hearing on a bill my colleagues and I introduced:
H.R. 3309 , the Innovation Act. The Innovation Act takes meaningful steps to address the abusive litigation practices currently taking place in our patent system.
As someone who has worked in the technology field, patent reform is an issue thats important to me, and it's one that's hindered by what are known as patent trolls. Patent trolls have begun to impact almost every sector of our business community. To curtail patent troll abuse, Ive proposed a number of reforms that would make it harder for bad actors to manipulate our patent system, including heightened pleading standards and customer stays for suits against downstream users.
At our Judiciary Committee hearing on the Innovation Act, I addressed the concerns of end users, like Whataburger, who have purchased off-the-shelf technology and are now being sued for patent infringement. Click
here
to watch.
Graphic of the Week
Unfortunately, this is not a Halloween trick. This graphic, courtesy of the Texas Public Policy Foundation, shows how much more our insurance premiums in Texas will be under the health care law. Thanks, Obamacare.
Follow Me on Twitter...
At LULAC Council 4444 Celebration of Families: Four Star Parents
30 Oct 2013
RT
@EFFLive : Today it's Whataburger, tmrw it's smaller defendants. Impt questions from
@farenthold
on protecting end-users.
https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2013/05/hey-patent-trolls-pick-someone-your-own-size
29 Oct 2013
Now in
@GOPoversight , we're considering my bill the OPM IG Act to let OPM use part of the resolving fund to pay for audits &amp; investigations.
29 Oct 2013
Connect
Latest News
Will Lawmakers Let Staffers Keep Their Health Plans Or Will They Sign Them Up For Obamacare?
BuzzFeed
Corpus Christi advocacy group hopes to change U.S. Rep. Farenthold's tune on immigration reform
Caller Times
House Considers Patent Litigation Reform Bill With Some Agreement But Controversy Likely
Bloomberg BNA
VIDEO: Farenthold Urges Support of WRRDA
Dredging Today
America's travel leaders support patent reform bill
eTurboNews
Lawmakers blast patent trolls, but split on parts of a key bill
Ars Technica
NLBMDA Names Cally Coleman Fromme Grassroots Dealer of the Year
Woodworking Network
The Week Ahead
It's a Constituent Work Week this week, so I'll be traveling across the district to meet with different groups and hear their concerns about what's going on in Washington. On Monday, Ill be meeting with members of the Corpus Christi Immigration Reform Coalition, whose members include Nueces County Democratic Chairman Joseph Ramirez to discuss a robo-poll commissioned by Americas Voice on comprehensive immigration reform and a pathway to citizenship. On Tuesday, I'll be participating in two local "Congress in the Classroom" assemblies, where I'll speak with the high school students from Incarnate Word Academy and Taft High School. Make sure to check out next week's newsletter for a recap of the constituent work period.
Scenes from Texas
This weekend, I was honored to attend the Refugio County Veterans Recognition Ceremony. God Bless Our Veterans.
On Halloween, I stopped by the Molina Neighborhood Center Halloween Carnival. It was great to see so many families having a good time with their children celebrating the holiday. Thanks to Rudy Sosa for the warm welcome and for hosting such a great event.
Photo my Corpus Christi Field Representative Luis Buentello took at the Cintas flag raising ceremony.
Tuesday morning, my District Director Bob Haueter attended the Eagle Ford Consortium. Bringing jobs and affordable energy to South Texas, the Eagle Ford Shale is the best thing to hit Texas in years. Hundreds of attendees crowded into the Omni Hotel for Tuesday's event to hear from a wide array of speakers and to learn how they can partner with other businesses to grow and prosper. Pictured: John LaRue from the Port of Corpus Christi lays out all of the new developments and projects that the Eagle Ford has produced at the Port.
Shots from the Education and Insurance Summit put on by State Rep. Todd Hunter Wednesday morning (photos courtesy of Luis Buentello, Field Representative in my Corpus Christi office).
Luis also attended this week's Corpus Christi Community Advisory Council meeting for a Texas energy production and regulatory update from Texas Railroad Commissioner Christi Craddick.
Wednesday evening, my Field Representative Kyle Macdonald attended the 10-year anniversary celebration and brand relaunch event for La De Da Events. Congratulations to everyone at La De Da and I wish you many more years of success.
My Field Representative Luis Buentello participated in the ribbon cutting ceremony of the new Edward Jones office in Portland, where he presented a certificate of appreciation on my behalf.
Texans in Washington
This week, the following Texans stopped by D.C. office while visiting the nation's capital...
Shirley and Poncho from Aransas Pass
The Brooks family from Corpus Christi
From My Instagram
Refugio County museum with my Coordinator of Veterans' Outreach, Capt. Rene Coronado. Great exhibit on local Veterans.
Refugio County Veterans Recognition Ceremony
Shot from our House Oversight hearing on Wednesday where we examined wasteful conference spending at the VA.
Now that we are out of the Kyle Field dead zone, here's a photo of Debbie and me at the Texas A&amp;M Vandy game. My daughter Amanda was disappointed her 'Dores got schooled in Texas football
Grrrr. Don't know the wifi password at friend's house. So Starbucks it is.
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here