
NEWS FROM WASHINGTON
On Veterans Day, we pause and reflect on the sacrifices that our veterans have made for our great nation and our most cherished principles.
As President Reagan famously said, "Freedom is one generation away from extinction." Our service members dedicate their lives to protecting those freedoms, and we must support them both on the frontlines and when they return home.
Some of you reading this today may have family members and loved ones who served, or are currently serving in Iraq, Afghanistan, or elsewhere overseas. We owe you and your family a great debt of gratitude. On behalf of myself and my family, my staff, and Georgia's 11th Congressional District, I extend heartfelt thanks and appreciation for the sacrifices your family is making for our freedoms.
Georgians who serve
Georgians have a proud history of serving in the Armed Forces. We have nearly 50,000 active duty military personnel and more than 30,000 reserves serving the in Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force, and Coast Guard. In addition, more than 750,000 veterans call Georgia home.
Our home state veterans and active duty soldiers deserve our fullest support on the frontlines and here at home. If you would like to learn ways to help area veterans contact the
Georgia Department of Veterans Service ,
USO , or the
Georgia Veterans of Foreign Wars
(VFW).
Honoring Veterans in the 11th District
In recent days, I've been honored to celebrate and thank veterans all across our district. Last Thursday, I held an open house in my Canton office where I was able to meet with several area veterans and their families to inform them on how my district offices can help serve them with their individual needs.
On Friday, I attended the Seventh Annual Freedom Fighters Open, benefiting 'Operation Santa.' This event has raised more than $250,000 since its inception and has touched the lives of more than 4,000 Georgia-based troops and their families. And this afternoon, I attended the Veterans Day ceremony in Acworth at Cauble Park.
Marine Corps Day
Yesterday, November 10, marked the United States Marine Corps' 238th year of honorable and courageous service to our nation. Semper Fidelis.
E-MAIL UPDATES
Yes, please periodically send me email updates.
Click Here
FORWARD THIS EMAIL
You can send this message on to your friends and family
Click Here
Home
|
About Phil
|
Constituent Services
|
Issues
|
Newsroom
|
Contact Us
