
HOME
|
About Mike
|
Contact YOUR Office
|
Serving You
|
Newsroom
|
Legislative Work
|
4th District
|
Resources
WEBSITE
| SHARE ON:
Greetings,
Its no secret that our military and diplomatic corps face a great deal of danger in pursuit of their mission to protect our nation.
There are many people in the world who wish to destroy America and, to ensure that these threats are met with American power, we send some of our bravest men and women into harms way.
We have a responsibility to provide them the support they need to survive and to be victorious.
Since joining the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, however, I am not convinced the federal government is doing its part to provide this support.
We have seen a number of instances where President Obama has simply failed to provide adequate resources, or even moral support, to those who put it all on the line day after day.
In particular, I am concerned about his refusal to be forthcoming with the nation about the threat Islamists pose to the United States and our allies.
There is one in particular that the public deserves to know more about:
The 9/11/2012 attacks on the consulate in Benghazi, Libya, which left four Americans dead, including U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stephens.
Radical Islamic terrorists pose a real threat, as in Benghazi.
Our elected officials have a responsibility to be clear with the public about it.
I have written a letter calling on the President to declassify much of the information uncovered by the investigation without heavy redaction .
As a member of the Intelligence Committee, I have seen with my own eyes and heard with my own ears evidence and testimony that has shed a great deal of light on the events that transpired that night.
Thats why I am convinced that providing this information to the public would not compromise our national security or intelligence sources.
I heard testimony this week from a number of the survivors from the Benghazi attacks this past week.
These are American heroes.
I can say now with certainty the following:
1. We Had Far Too Few Security Measures :
Secretary Hillary Clinton's State Department failed America and the four Americans killed by providing inadequate security at the State Department facility in Benghazi.
They knew of threat streams, had been asked for increased resources, and even had our Ambassador headed to the site on the anniversary of the attacks of 9/11.
Security fell far short.
2. The President's Advisers Knew The "Video" Was Irrelevant Immediately :
The President's team knew almost immediately that the attacks were sophisticated, planned, and had nothing to do with a video made in the United States.
The Administrations insistence on that story was deceptive the American people.
3. The Attack Had Deep Al Qaeda Connections :
We can now say with some certainty that the attackers had deep connections to senior Al Qaeda leaders.
To pretend that "core Al Qaeda" has been vanquished and that the threat of terrorism around the world and in America has been eliminated is dangerous and inaccurate.
I wish it were not so, but we are a nation at war.
Yet much of our political leadership speaks as though we are not.
We must capture the men who killed four brave Americans.
Ensuring that the public has all the factsabout Benghazi in particularwill help ensure that Americans can hold their elected officials accountable.
Sincerely,
Mike Pompeo
Member of Congress
Connect With Mike
NOTE: Please
DO NOT
respond to this email as this
inbox is unattended . To contact my office please
click here
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
107 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone:
(202) 225-6216
Fax:
(202) 225-3489
WICHITA, KS OFFICE
7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 510
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone:
(316) 262-8992
Fax:
(316) 262-5309
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here