
Meet
the inbox
Your inbox is organized into categories so that you can see
what's new at a glance and decide which emails you want to read when. Watch
the video
Organized into categories
You choose from five optional tabs:
Primary, Social, Promotions, Updates and Forums. Primary, Social and
Promotions are enabled by default. These categories make it easy to read
messages of the same type all at once.
Easy to customize
Select
the tabs you want from all five to none. And, if you see a message you want
in a different tab, all you have to do is drag and drop it into the tab you
choose. More tips
Get
the inbox on your mobile device
Gmail's inbox is available in Gmail's
official mobile apps on Android 4.0+
devices as
well as iPhone
and iPad .
Your mobile inbox and notifications show primary email. It's easy to access
and keep track of email in other categories.
Happy emailing,
The Gmail Team
2013 Google Inc.
1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Hi David
Welcome to Gmail
Meet the inbox
Your inbox is organized into categories so that you can see what's new at a glance and decide which emails you want to read when.
Watch the video
Organized into categories
You choose from five optional tabs: Primary, Social, Promotions, Updates and Forums.
Primary, Social and Promotions are enabled by default. These categories make it easy to read messages of the same type all at once.
Easy to customize
Select the tabs you want from all five to none. And, if you see a message you want in a different tab, all you have to do is drag and drop it into the tab you choose.
More tips
Get the inbox on your mobile device
Gmail's inbox is available in Gmail's official mobile apps on
Android 4.0+ devices
as well as
iPhone and iPad .
Your mobile inbox and notifications show primary email.
It's easy to access and keep track of email in other categories.
Happy emailing,
The Gmail Team
&copy; 2013 Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043
