
If you are having
trouble viewing this message or would like to share it on a social
network, you can
view the
message online .
HOME
ABOUT
RENEE
2ND DISTRICT
NEWSROOM
CONSTITUENT SERVICES
LEGISLATION
CONTACT
US
November 10, 2013
Dear
Friend,
On Monday, we will recognize and honor the service our veterans have
provided to our country. I am blessed to represent the Second
District, which is home to so many of our nations heroes who sacrificed so
much to defend our great country.
The prevalence of active
service members and veterans who refer to North Carolina as home
has encouraged me to do something to protect those who have so nobly
fought to defend our country.
This is why, last week, I introduced
H.R. 3408the Injured and Amputee Veterans Bill of Rights. This bill
educates veterans about their rights and expectations for quality care
so they may obtain the care that meets their individual needs.
Additionally, it requires the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to resolve
any and all disputes filed against a VA clinic or healthcare provider.
We must do everything we can to aid the brave men and women of our
military, and this bill is just one step in the right
direction.
This week, I have participated in several events to honor our
veterans including the Fayetteville Veterans Day Parade and a "veteran
send-off, where twenty local World War II veterans traveled to
Washington, DC, to visit the WWII Veterans Memorial. Tomorrow, I will attend
an American Legion ceremony in Dunn.
Most importantly,
please remember that my office is here to serve you. In this newsletter
and
on my website , you will find information
about some of the services my office provides to veterans, along with
information about the Veterans History Project and the Veterans' Legacy
Foundation. Please share this information with your
friends.
As we approach Veterans Day, it is important we remember our
nations heroes who made freedom, opportunity and democracy a reality for
all Americans. May God bless you, our troops and our veterans.
Honoring American Heroes
It was an honor to take part in a ceremony on Thursday
that allowed for me to witness the send-off of 20 local World War II
veterans who were making a trip to Washington, DC, to visit the
Veterans Memorial. This trip was graciously sponsored by Irvin Warren of
Harnett County and allowed for many veterans to take part in an
unforgettable opportunity they could not have experienced otherwise. Additional
participants in this ceremony included several state and local
officials, including Governor McCrory.
You can see my speech
from the event by
clicking here
or on the above
image.
Mr. Currins class from Triton High School, shown in
the photo below, attended to learn from this greatest
generation.
My
Office is Here to Serve You
If you are a veteran
experiencing problems with the VA or another government agency, my office may
be able to help you. You can contact my Dunn office at 910/230-1910 or
my Asheboro office at 336/626-3060. Visit my website at
ellmers.house.gov/veterans
for general information on
programs available for veterans and their families, including:
VA Benefits
State and local services
Military
records
Memorial honors
Veterans'
Legacy Foundation
The
Veterans'
Legacy Foundation
is an organization formed by veterans to
research and document the legacy of veteran service and to promote the
recognition and honor of their service. My office has worked with this group
to
assist veterans in receiving military service awards that
some have waited decades to obtain.
Veterans History
Project
The Veterans
History Project
of the American Folklife Center at the Library of
Congress collects, preserves, and makes accessible the personal
accounts of American war veterans so that future generations may hear
directly from veterans and better understand the realities of war.
Share Your Obamacare Experience
I continue to hear from constituents who are experiencing
vast changes in their health care coverage, which is a direct result of
the new health care law. Whether it is a rising insurance premium or
a canceled policy, I want to hear the challenges that you are facing.
If you are experiencing similar outcomes, please share with me at
ellmers.house.gov .
The president has said at least 29 times over the past 3
years that you can keep your current health insurance plan under
Obamacare. After the law went into effect, and the president realized that
millions of Americans were receiving policy cancellation notices, he
redefined his earlier statement.
Click
here
to hear the latest version of the president's promise that you could
keep your current health insurance under
Obamacare.
Snapshots from the
District
I enjoyed meeting David Griffith (pictured above) at the Holly
Springs Chamber Breakfast this week. He spoke about what started as his
Eagle Scout project, a memorial dedicated to his brother who died in
Afghanistan in 2011, and has grown into a community project to be part of
the Holly Springs Veterans Park. For more information about David's
project, visit thatsmybrick.com/eaglescoutdg.
This week I visited Eaton in Fayetteville.
The photo above was taken during a tour of their facility and in the
photo below I am participating in a Towhall Q&amp;A with Eaton
employees.
On
Facebook
Follow this
link , then
click the "Like" button
on my Facebook
page today!
On Twitter
Follow
@RepReneeEllmers
to join the conversation on
Twitter.
On
YouTube
Please subscribe
to
my YouTube channel so you won't miss great video from the Washington
and the Second District.
Tell a Friend
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail:
E-mail
Updates
Yes, please periodically send me e-mail
updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are authorizing me to send regular e-mail
updates from my office to your e-mail account.
Washington, DC
426 Cannon HOB
Washington, DC
20515
Phone: (202) 225-4531
Fax: (202) 225-5662
Dunn NC
406 W. Broad Street
Dunn, NC 28334
Phone: (910)
230-1910
Fax: (910) 230-1940
Asheboro, NC
222 Sunset Avenue, Suite 101
Asheboro,
North Carolina 27203
Phone: (336)
626-3060
Fax: (336) 629-7819
Toll Free in NC:
1-877-645-8764
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
