
If you are having trouble viewing this message or
would like to share it on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
ABOUT
CONTACT ME
SERVING YOU
MEDIA CENTER
ISSUES &amp; LEGISLATION
OUR DISTRICT
November 22, 2013
Dear
Friend,
As you may have seen, yesterday Covered California
announced that they will not implement President Obamas proposed fix
to the Affordable Care Act. Their decision makes it clearer than ever
that this law cannot be fixed. The Affordable Care Act was designed to
force people off of their insurance plans, and now millions of
Californians are receiving notices of cancelled policies. Ive heard many of
your individual stories and seen the cancellation letters youve
gotten
if you havent shared your story with me yet, please do so by
clicking
here . The Affordable Care Act should be
fully repealed and replaced with common-sense, patient-centered and
market-based reforms that allow individuals to purchase insurance across
state lines, lowering premium costs and increasing the availability of
healthcare providers.
Our focus this week in the House was
on three bills designed to move our nation towards energy independence
and speed up job creation. All three bills work to to rein in
overreaching federal bureaucracy, increase domestic energy production and
reduce energy costs for families across the country. Increasing domestic
energy production will reduce our dependence on foreign nations for
oil and create jobs here at home, and as a member of the House Energy
Action Team, energy independence is my ultimate goal. I supported all
three bills
the Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act, Federal
Lands Jobs and Energy Security Act, and Protecting States' Rights to
Promote American Energy Security Act.
I testified in
front of the Transportation &amp; Infrastructure committee this week
about my bill to reduce the footprint of the federal governments
properties and save taxpayers an estimated $15 billion. My Civilian
Property Realignment Act ( CPRA ), which passed the House
with bipartisan support last Congress, would make management of
federal buildings more efficient and generate savings through selling
wasteful vacant properties. You can view my full testimony online
here .
Please view my full testimony online
here .
I had the
opportunity to participate in a meetup of young Indian Americans. I
was joined by my friends Ricky Gill and Representative Rob Woodall from
Georgia. Young people have such a crucial role to play in shaping our
national political debate, and it was wonderful to have a chance to
hear directly from them about the things they care most about, like our
skyrocketing national debt, immigration reform and job
creation.
I am always committed
to hearing the insight that young people can
provide.
On Wednesday evening, I played in the
Congressional Football game . This tradition pits
members of Congress against the Capitol Police who work to keep us
all safe and benefits several charities. It was an honor to play,
especially on behalf of the Capitol Police Memorial Fund, which was
established after the 1998 shooting at the Capitol that took the lives of two
members of the Capitol Police. Proceeds also went to Our Military
Kids, the American Red Cross National Capital Region and A Advantage 4
Kids non-profit organizations.
Our team got some help from
several former NFL pros, including Herschel Walker, Ken Harvey and John
Booty.
With
Heisman Trophy winner Herschel Walker at Wednesday night's
game.
Ive had several talented
interns working in both my district and D.C. offices over the last few
months, including Jeff Montgomery, a CSU Stanislaus senior. Montgomery is a
political science major who spent this fall and winter interning in
Washington.
Jeff Montgomery was a tremendous asset to my
staff.
During his time in the office,
Montgomery helped answer phones, respond to constituent questions, check faxes
and write letters. He also attended briefings and hearings to learn
more about the legislative process and my work on behalf of the 10th
district.
It is always an honor for me to help young people
better understand how laws are made on Capitol Hill. Internships are
a wonderful way for students like Jeff to learn and to better prepare
for their professional careers.
My time in the office
was nothing but great as I got to experience all the amazing things
Washington, D.C. has to offer, said Montgomery. Coming from the town of
Waterford, it was truly humbling to live and work in Washington, D.C.
and go back home to show people back home what is possible through
hard work to better the community.
Jeff is the son of Mark
and Sandy Montgomery.
If you are interested in an
internship in either of my offices, please visit my internship
web page
for more information.
To receive the
latest news on my work in the Central Valley and in Washington, D.C.,
please follow me on
Twitter
and
Facebook
or visit my
website . You can
also share this
weekly newsletter
with
friends.
JEFF DENHAM
Do you think states
should have the right to regulate fracking operations state by state?
Yes No Do you support the building of the Keystone
XL Pipeline?
Yes No Have you seen your energy costs go
up or down in the past year?
Up Down No change *By
answering this survey, you are subscribing to my newsletter. If you
are having trouble, click here.
E-mail Updates
Yes, please
periodically send me e-mail updates.*
*By subscribing to my
e-mail updates, you are
authorizing me to send regular e-mail updates from my office to your e-mail
account.
DC office:
1730 Longworth
HOB
Washington, DC
20515
P: 202-225-4540
F: 202-225-3402
Modesto Office:
4701 Sisk
Road, Suite 202
Modesto, CA 95356
P: 209-579-5458
F:
209-579-5028
Unsubscribe
|
Update My
Profile
|
Privacy Policy
gateway mail end
