
The Sam Johnson Journal
November 21, 2013
What to Expect In This Edition:
Keep Your Health Plan Act
Medicare Part A Reform Bill
Baylor Plano Receives 2013 Malcolm Baldrige Award
Giving States Control Over Energy Production
K eep Your Health Plan Act: A Start to Solutions
Last Friday, I joined my House Republican colleagues and nearly 40 of my Democratic colleagues to support
H.R. 3350 , the Keep Your Health Plan Act, to allow millions of Americans the opportunity to keep the current healthcare plan they like, need, and trust through 2014.
For more than three and half years, President Obama repeatedly promised the American people, If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it, period, even as recently as
September 26, 2013 .
However, despite the Presidents repeated promises,
3.5 million
people have already received cancellation letters from their healthcare providers.
Sadly, this is only the beginning
over the next year,
millions more
can expect similar notifications.
The Presidents law is crumbling before his eyes, but instead of working with Congress on a legislative solution, he chose to make an administrative fix, adding onto the numerous waivers and delays this flawed law has been unilaterally and wrongly granted.
Yet again, this President demonstrates total disregard for the rule of law.
The Administration ought to lead, set an example and make good on their word and promises
the American people deserve no less.
I promise to keep fighting to put an end to this disastrous government takeover of our health care and work to replace it with fiscally responsible, affordable, and patient-centered reforms.
The Keep Your Health Plan Act is a step in the right direction as we continue working to repeal ObamaCare for good.
Today, make your voice heard! Help us reach ALL Members of Congress and inform them of the ills ObamaCare has caused you, your family, and your small business.
You can also share your ObamaCare story on my
website .
Soon you'll be able to read stories from fellow Texans who have already shared.
For example, Tom from Allen, Texas, shared how his insurance company would cancel his health insurance immediately unless he paid the higher monthly rates and deductible, which
DOUBLED
and
TRIPLED
for the exact same coverage.
Tom has dwarfism, making his health insurance critical to his well-being.
He deserves to keep and choose the doctors he likes, trusts, and knows without fear of skyrocketing costs.
Click Here to Hear His Story
American Seniors Deserve Health Care Choices: Introduced Medicare Part A Reform Bill
Last week, I introduced common-sense legislation,
H.R. 3498 , so seniors can have the freedom to make their own healthcare decisions and to opt-out of Medicare.
As folks continue to see their healthcare options diminished by ObamaCare, its critical to give Americans choice and freedom when it comes to their health care.
This bill does just that, it truly tells seniors, if you like your current coverage, you can keep it without risk of losing other important benefits like Social Security.
Currently, seniors can choose not to enroll in Medicare Part B or Part D, but not for Part A unless you give up your Social Security benefits too.
H.R. 3498 allows individuals to voluntarily opt-out of Medicare Part A when they become eligible for benefits.
A free society is based on individual choice and personal responsibility.
If people want to opt-out because they dont want or need a government entitlement paying for their health care, we should let them!
Seniors should have the freedom to say "thanks, but no thanks"
after all, this is America.
View my statement here .
Baylor Plano Receives 2013 Malcolm Baldrige Award
Congratulations to Baylor Regional Medical Center at Plano on their latest accolade, the 2013 Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award, the nations highest Presidential honor for performance excellence through innovative practices and visionary leadership.
Baylor Plano consistently provides high quality and compassionate care to folks throughout North Texas.
Their superior patient satisfaction rate and dedication to training the best and brightest go unmatched.
I wish them continued success and thank them for making our great state of Texas proud.
Click Here to Play
H.R. 2728: Giving States Control Over Energy Production
Yesterday, I voted in support of
H.R. 2728 , the Protecting States Rights to Promote American Energy Security Act.
This bipartisan bill prohibits the Interior Department from enforcing federal hydraulic fracturing regulations in any state that already has regulations.
For more than 60 years, Texas, among other states, has safely regulated hydraulic fracturing; weve had not one case of groundwater contamination.
Such a successful track record is unheard of whenever federal bureaucrats in Washington get involved.
Furthermore, Texas geological formations are different from those across the country.
Production methods and regulations should be tailored to each region specifically
a "one size fits all" approach simply wont work.
Not to mention, the Obama Administrations proposed federal regulations would increase unnecessary layers of red tape and cost at least
$345 million annually , decreasing energy production, increasing energy prices, and costing American jobs.
This common-sense legislation is one more way to stop Washingtons out of control spending and prevent further onerous, bureaucratic red tape from killing jobs.
Thank you for reading my e-newsletter.
If you enjoyed this newsletter, encourage your friends to subscribe by visiting my
website .
You also can find me on Facebook:
Sam Johnson
and Twitter:
@SamsPressShop .
Until next time, God bless you and God bless America.
Sincerely,
SAM JOHNSON
Member of Congress
Washington D.C. Office
1211 Longworth HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4201
Texas Office
1255 W 15th Street, Suite 170
Plano, Texas 75075
Phone: (469) 304-0382
Fax: (469) 304-0392
Click Here Click Here