
HOME
ABOUT
28TH DISTRICT
SERVICE
ISSUES
NEWSROOM
STUDENTS
CONTACT
November 16, 2013
Congressional Report
Dear Friends,
I would like to share with you several updates during my work week in Washington, D.C.
Veterans Day Events
On Monday, my staff and I attended events across the 28th District to celebrate Veterans Day and honor those who served. We joined our communities to thank the men and women who have given so much for our nation. God bless our veterans and those who continue to serve in protecting our freedoms.
Congressman Henry Cuellar provides remarks at a Veterans Day ceremony in Laredo, Texas.
Outreach Coordinator Gilbert La Fuente in attendance at the dedication of the Veterans Silhouette Monument honoring Atascosa veterans in Jourdanton, Texas.
Outreach Coordinator Alexis Gallego attended the Mission ACE Club Veterans Day Ceremony in Mission, Texas.
Various Veterans Day events took place in Laredo with Congressman Cuellar in attendance.
Outreach Coordinator Alexis Gallegos was in attendance at the City Penitas Veterans Day Luncheon in Penitas, Texas.
Outreach Coordinator Nichole Hernandez attending the Veterans Day Flag Raising Ceremony at South Texas College - Starr County Campus in Rio Grande City, Texas.
Atascosa County Health Insurance Marketplace Community Seminar
On Thursday, I hosted a Health Insurance Marketplace Community Seminar for residents of Atascosa County.
The event was open to the public and provided information on how to purchase health insurance and where to get help locally.
Atascosa County has over 10,400 uninsured residents, 26.6% of the population, some of whom may be eligible for coverage under the new Health Insurance Marketplace.
I was glad to partner with the South Texas Regional Medical Center, Atascosa Health Center, the Alamo Area Council of Governments, Young Invincibles, and Enroll America to host this health insurance marketplace community workshop.
Residents of Atascosa County attended the Health Insurance Marketplace Community Seminar to learn about the resources available to purchase affordable health insurance.
My outreach coordinator, Pete Arguello, with Joe Ibarra, Enroll America, and Erin Hemlin, Young Invincibles, at the Atascosa County Health Insurance Marketplace Community Seminar.
Telephone Town Hall
On Wednesday, I hosted a Telephone Town Hall to discuss the new Health Insurance Marketplace, answer questions about health benefits, and provide resources to aid taxpayers in the application process.
We were joined by Marjorie McColl Petty, regional director for the Department of Health and Human Services of five states, including Texas. The call was open to all residents of the 28th District.
Remember, when you apply for coverage in the Health Insurance Marketplace, whether online, by phone, by mail or in-person, youll need to provide some information about you and your household, including income, any insurance you currently have, and some additional items. The Marketplace application checklist includes:
Social Security Numbers (or document numbers for legal immigrants)
Employer and income information for every member of your household who needs coverage (for example, from pay stubs or W-2 formsWage and Tax Statements)
Policy numbers for any current health insurance plans covering members of your household
A completed
Employer Coverage Tool
form for every job-based plan you or someone in your household is eligible for. (Youll need to fill out this form even for coverage youre eligible for but dont enroll in.)
Visit
http://marketplace.cms.gov/getofficialresources/publications-and-articles/marketplace-application-checklist.pdf
to download this checklist and the Employer Coverage Tool form.
Outreach events throughout the 28th District
Last week, Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF) South Texas students stopped by my office for a visit. It was a pleasure to meet with them in Laredo and express my support for increased resources for diabetes research.
Congressman Cuellar met with members of JDRF South Texas in his district office in Laredo, Texas.
Congratulations to the Jourdanton Fire Department
This week, my Outreach Coordinator Gilbert Lafuente visited with the City of Jourdanton and the Jourdanton Fire Department to congratulate them on receiving a new truck through federal Fire Grant funding from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).
Outreach Coordinator Gilbert La Fuente visits Fire Chief David Prasilfa, Christopher Javier Castleman Munoz, and County Judge Diana Bautista at the Jourdanton Fire Department.
San Antonio Food Bank
This week, Outreach Coordinator Pete Arguello visited the San Antonio Food Bank and met with Stephanie Smith, their Director of Government Relations and Advocacy.
Pete was provided a tour of the Food Bank and given an overview of their expanded facilities and all of the services they provide, such as food assistance, programs for seniors, and employment services.
Outreach Coordinator Pete Arguello touring the San Antonio Food Bank facilities with Director of Government Relations and Advocacy Stephanie Smith.
Cuellar In the News
Laredo Morning Times - Friday, November 8th
Congressman Cuellar delivers the keynote address at the ribbon-cutting ceremony of a new VA Outpatient Clinic in Laredo.
Houston Chronicle - Monday, November 11th
Congressman Cuellar speaks on the possibility of immigration reform this year.
KSAT
News
12 San Antonio - Monday, November 11th
Congressman Cuellar discusses plans for high speed rail between San Antonio and Monterrey.
WOAI News 4 San Antonio - Tuesday, November 12th
Congressman Cuellar proposes plan for high speed rail from San Antonio and Monterrey.
Laredo Morning Times - Wednesday, November 13th
Congressman Cuellar sets a Telephone Town Hall meeting on the Health Insurance Marketplace.
Brownsville Herald - Wednesday, November 13th
Congressman Cuellar addresses the chances of the passage of immigration reform this year.
Follow Me on Twitter
Sincerely,
Congressman Henry Cuellar
CONNECT WITH US
Washington D.C. Office
2431 Rayburn HOB
Washington, DC 20515
phone: 202-225-1640
fax: 202-225-1641
San Antonio Office
615 E. Houston Street, Suite 563
San Antonio, Texas 78205
phone: (210)271-2851
fax: (210) 277-6671
toll free: 1 (877) 780-0028
Laredo Office
602 E. Calton Road, Suite 2
Laredo, Texas 78041
phone: (956) 725-0639
fax: (956) 725-2647
Rio Grande Office
100 N. F.M. 3167
Rio Grande City, Texas 78582
phone: (956) 487-5603
fax: (956) 488-0952
Mission Office
117 E. Tom Landry
Mission, Texas 78572
phone: (956) 424-3942
fax: (956) 424-3936
Click Here
to view this email in your browser
Click Here
to be removed from this list