DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/strict.dtd"
Send me an email
|
Forward to a Friend
October 22-31, 2013
Fighting for Our Nation's Veterans
Worked to end the disability claims backlog.
Congressman Forbes supported
H.R. 2189 , to establish a commission to evaluate how to reduce or eliminate the Veterans Affairs backlog of disability claims and appeals, analyze potential improvements to the claims process, and submit remedies and solutions to reduce the backlog.
This bill passed the House 404-1.
Improved education opportunities.
Congressman Forbes supported the Veterans Advisory Committee on Education Improvement Act,
H.R. 2011 , which extends the operating authority of the Veterans' Advisory Committee on Education, which advises the Veterans Affairs Department on education benefit programs and services.
The bill also adds training and rehabilitation for veterans with service-connected disabilities to the list of topics on which the Committee is authorized to advise the VA, and it adds the post-9/11 operations in Iraq and Afghanistan to the list of conflicts that should have veteran representation on the Committee.
This bill passed the House 404-2
Expanded economic opportunities.
Congressman Forbes supported the Veterans Economic Opportunity Act,
H.R. 2481 , which creates a new office within the Veterans Affairs Department to administer existing vocational, education and other assistance programs for veterans. This bill also clarifies foreclosure and refinancing protections for veterans, extends certain homeless veterans reintegration programs, expands education benefits for certain survivors of deceased servicemembers, and protects the rights of active-duty members of the military in child custody cases when the servicemember is deployed.
This bill passed the House by voice vote.
M odified the VA fiduciary program.
Congressman Forbes supported
H.R. 1405 , a bill that modifies the Department of Veterans Affairs fiduciary program to protect veterans from being abused by some paid fiduciaries, and requires the VA to provide information to veterans on how to appeal VA decisions if their claims are denied. Further, this bill confers honorary veteran status to those individuals who have served 20 or more years in the National Guard and Reserve.
This bill passed the House by voice vote.
Defense
Chosen to Lead an Asia-Pacific Oversight Series.
Congressman Forbes and Congressman Colleen Hanabusa were chosen by the
Armed Services Committee
to lead a bipartisan Committee oversight effort of American interests in the Asia-Pacific region. The goal of this series is to hold hearings to shift national attention toward the long-term trends that stand to affect American and global security in the Asia-Pacific region.
Chief among these is China's rapid military modernization.
A rising China will have a large strategic impact on our national security and commercial interests throughout the region. Congressman Forbes has played a leading role in the Congress to ensure policymakers are educated on how these issues stand to impact U.S. interests. Congressman Forbes also delivered a
keynote address
at the American Enterprise Institute where he discussed the Administration's strategy in the Asia-Pacific.
Delivered a Keynote Address at the Annual Foreign Policy Initiative Forum.
Congressman Forbes joined Diplomats from Australia and Japan to speak at the Foreign Policy Initiative's
annual forum
on a panel entitled Assessing the Asia Rebalance. As part of the Armed Services Committee's oversight Series on the Asia-Pacific, Congressman Forbes joined a group of Asian Ambassadors to discuss America's long-term national security interests in the region.
Defended fundamental religious freedoms for our military servicemembers.
Congressman Forbes led 26 Members in sending a
letter
to Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, seeking an explanation as to why chaplains who serve members of the military on a contract basis were not permitted to continue working during the government shutdown in October.
The free exercise of religion is a fundamental human right that is not suspended during a lapse in government appropriations.
Supported victims of the Fort Hood shootings.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Honoring the Ft. Hood Heros Act,
H.R. 3111 , which declares that the 2011 report issued by the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, correctly labeled the attack on November 5, 2009, as the deadliest terrorist attack within the United States since September 11, 2001.
The bill requires the Secretary of the Army to award Purple Hearts to those soldiers who were killed or wounded in the attack, and requires the Secretary of Defense to award the Secretary of Defense Medal of Freedom (Purple Heart equivalent for civilians) to civilians who were killed or wounded. Under this legislation, victims and families of victims of the Fort Hood attack will be eligible for the same benefits as those that are killed or wounded in a combat zone.
Chaired Seapower Hearing on the Navy's Shipbuilding Plans:
Congressman Forbes continued his efforts to ensure our Navy shipbuilding plan is fully-funded by chairing a Seapower and Projection Forces
hearing
entitled, "Assessing the Navy's 30-Year Shipbuilding Plan."
A bipartisan defense panel estimated that it will take 346 ships to execute our national security strategy; however, testimony from the Congressional Budget Office indicated that the Navy will end up with a fleet of only approximately 230 ships, should sequestration continue.
Budget
Opposed raising the debt ceiling . Congressman Forbes supported
H.J.Res.99 , a resolution to disapprove of increasing the debt ceiling.
This resolution of disapproval was provided for under the Continuing Appropriations Act for 2014, which provided government funding through January 15 th
and suspended the debt ceiling until February 7 th .
The bill passed the House 292-122.
Water Resources
Supported the continuation and development of water resource projects .
Congressman Forbes supported the Water Resources Reform and Development Act,
H.R.3080 , which authorizes the maintenance and development of water resource projects, such as port dredging, inland locks and dams, and flood control projects.
The bill aims to streamline the process by reducing project backlogs, setting hard deadlines for the completion of studies, and expediting the evaluation and processing of permits.
The bill passed the House 292-122.
Family Values
Promoted transparency in healthcare plans.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act,
H.R. 3279 , which will require that all healthcare plans on the exchanges disclose up front whether or not the plan covers abortion.
If the plan includes abortion, it must also disclose the amount of the abortion surcharge.
Currently, the Affordable Care Act contains a clause which makes it nearly impossible for individuals to identify what plans in their state exchanges exclude abortion.
Promoted adoption .
Congressman Forbes supported the Promoting Adoption and Legal Guardianship for Children in Foster Care Act,
H.R.3205 , which reauthorizes the Adoption Incentives Program and revises the data on awards granted to focus on increasing adoption rates.
This bill passed the House 402-0.
Agriculture
Opposed burdensome regulations.
Congressman Forbes cosponsored the Farmers Undertake Environmental Land Stewardship (FUELS) Act,
H.R. 311 , to prevent small farms from being required to implement expensive and unnecessary infrastructure improvement projects.
The bill also allows farmers with an oil storage capacity under 10,000 gallons and no history of spills to self-certify their compliance with existing EPA fuel storage regulations.
Financial Services
Worked to reduce unintended consequences of Dodd-Frank.
Congressman Forbes supported the Swaps Regulatory Improvement Act,
H.R. 992 , to enable farmers, ranchers, manufacturers and other employers to continue to use a financial product called a derivative to manage risk and protect themselves from extreme fluctuations in the price of things like fuel, fertilizer and commodities.
The bill amends the Dodd-Frank act to expand the permissible types of swap activities that can be conducted directly by insured financial institutions without losing their access to federal assistance, addressing some of the unintended consequences found within the Dodd-Frank regulatory reform act without weakening the financial reform laws important derivative safeguards or prohibitions on bank proprietary trading.
The bill passed the House 292-122.
Voted to streamline federal regulations.
Congressman Forbes supported the Retail Investor Protection Act,
H.R. 2374 , to prohibit the Department of Labor from issuing regulations regarding legal care standards for retail investors under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) of 1974 until 60 days after the Securities and Exchange Commission finalizes its own rule.
The bill also requires the SEC, before issuing such regulations, to identify whether expanded fiduciary standards would result in less access to financial products and services for retail investors, and to submit formal findings that any final rule would reduce retail investor confusion over the standards of care that apply to brokers and advisers.
This bill passed the House of 254-166.
About Washington Update
Washington Update serves as a resource to the constituents of the Fourth Congressional District of Virginia on the work of Congressman Forbes. It is published weekly while Congress is in session. Hyperlinks to bill information are provided if the information disseminated by the House of Representatives is available at the time of distribution.
As always, Congressman Forbes welcomes your comments. To share your thoughts on legislation, votes or issues, please visit
http://randyforbes.house.gov
to send an e-mail or call any of Congressman Forbes' three district offices.
Home
|
Contact
|
Forward to a Friend
|
Unsubscribe
|
Subscribe
|
Privacy
|
Office Locations
Please do not reply to this message. This email address does not accept incoming messages. To send an email,
click here .
Click Here Click Here