
November 20, 2013
Senator Mike Enzi &ndash; November Newsletter
Obamacare architects can make up for their broken promise
More and more Americans are beginning to realize that they were sold Obamacare on false pretenses &ndash; what they are getting in the mail isn&rsquo;t what they ordered, according to Senator Mike Enzi.
Enzi says the Obamacare architects still have a chance to fix their broken promise that said if people like their current health care plans they can keep them. He joined Senator Ron Johnson, R-Wis., and 36 other senators in offering legislation that honestly gives Americans that choice.
&ldquo;The president, along with members of his party who are facing elections soon, are busy campaigning for proposals they say do what these architects of the law promised in the first place,&rdquo; said Enzi. &ldquo;But folks should think carefully about relying on the same people who repeatedly promised one thing and delivered something far different.&rdquo;
In September of 2010, Enzi led an effort to overturn the Department of Health and Human Services &ldquo;anti-grandfathering&rdquo; regulations which in effect ensured that millions of Americans would be forced off their current plans. Enzi&rsquo;s resolution was voted down on party lines.
On November 5, Enzi spoke with FOX News&rsquo; Megyn Kelly about the Administration&rsquo;s broken health care promises and his prediction in 2010 that Americans would not be able to keep the health care they liked.
Click the picture for link to video.
On November 18, Enzi spoke with Fox News Gretchen Carlson on why Obamacare is terribly flawed and is causing people to lose coverage they liked.
Click the picture for link to video.
Enzi offers concrete solutions to budget impasse
When Senator Enzi spoke during the first meeting of the Budget Conference Committee for Fiscal Year 2014, he made it clear that Americans are tired of the habitual promises Congress makes to fix our annual deficits and growing national debt without any real results. He offered his solutions, which he said would help solve our nation&rsquo;s fiscal problems.
"We&rsquo;ve got to start legislating and stop deal-making. I hope we can at least make a small move in that direction with this conference committee. I&rsquo;ve got several ideas for how to keep us out of the situation we were just in and make reasonable, but real, progress on our deficits and debt,&rdquo; said Enzi. &ldquo;I have a penny plan, a proposal on biennial budgeting, some relevant amendments for spending bills, the End Government Shutdowns legislation, forced prioritization for spending cuts and tax reform.&rdquo;
Enzi&rsquo;s penny plan would cut 1 percent from total federal spending for two years, resulting in a balanced budget. The plan doesn&rsquo;t mandate any specific cuts. Congress could make targeted cuts and focus on the worst first, but would be required to meet the 1 percent overall cut.
Enzi&rsquo;s biennial spending bill would allow each of the spending bills to be taken up over a 2-year period, with the more controversial bills taken up in a non-election year and the less controversial bills taken up in an election year.
The End Government Shutdowns legislation, which senator Enzi is working on with Senator Rob Portman, R-Ohio, would keep the government open in the event of a lapse of funding, but reduces funding incrementally until the appropriations bills are enacted. According to Enzi, it is a smart piece of legislation that brings folks to the table to work out the differences on spending bills.
News Nuggets
Restoring 10 th
amendment rights
This Administration along with most every presidential administration, once it takes power, tends to like that power, according to Senator Enzi
That&rsquo;s why Enzi is a cosponsor of Senator Wicker&rsquo;s Restoring &ldquo;The Tenth Amendment Act&rdquo;, which would create special standing in court for designated state government officials to challenge federal regulations implementing new laws or presidential executive orders.
&ldquo;The Administration forgets that this power is limited by the Constitution. Any power not granted to the federal government and not prohibited to the states is reserved for the states and the people,&rdquo; said Enzi.
EPA&rsquo;s Carbon Listening Tour Bypasses Coal Country
Senators Enzi and Barrasso, R-Wyo., along with nine other senators recently sent a letter to Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator Gina McCarthy criticizing the EPA&rsquo;s decision to largely bypass coal producing areas on its &ldquo;listening tour&rdquo; on proposed carbon cap regulations.
In the
letter , the senators call on Administrator McCarthy to actually visit with and listen to the opinions of the people most impacted by EPA&rsquo;s anti-coal policies
&ldquo;&hellip;it appears your listening tour will merely rubber stamp whatever pre-conceived policy this Administration was planning on pursuing in the first place. We respectfully request that you consider hearing the opinions of the people most impacted by your policies,&rdquo; wrote the Senators.
Enzi supports applications to export
liquefied natural gas
Enzi signed a letter with Senator Barrasso, R-Wyo., to Secretary of Energy, Earnest Moniz, supporting the Jordan Cove Energy Project&rsquo;s application to export liquefied natural gas (LNG).
The facility would be beneficial to producers in Wyoming as it will provide access to new markets, both foreign and domestic, for Wyoming produced natural gas on the West Coast.
The Administration must decide whether to approve exports of natural gas to countries that do not have free trade agreements with the United States. The Administration has approved only 4 of over 20 applications to export LNG filed in the past three years.
Enzi opposes ratification of UN small arms treaty
Enzi, and Senator Barrasso, R-Wyo., joined 48 other Senators in continuing the fight against the controversial United Nations (U.N.) arms trade treaty.
In a recent
letter , the senators wrote that, the treaty includes only a weak non-binding reference to the lawful ownership and use of, and trade in firearms, and recognizes none of these activities, much less individual self-defense, as fundamental individual rights, which could pose a threat to the Second Amendment and infringe on the rights protected therein.&rdquo;
Secretary of State John Kerry signed the treaty in late September despite strong bipartisan opposition. The United States is not bound by any treaty until the Senate ratifies it with a two-thirds vote.
Home
|
Privacy Policy
|
Unsubscribe
