
If you are having trouble viewing this E-newsletter,
click here . To unsubscribe from these mailings,
click here .
November 27, 2013
To instantly unsubscribe from these mailings, please click here .
Dear Friends,
I am writing to highlight some things in Congress and our community that I hope you will find helpful.
1.
Affordable Healthcare Enrollment Continues
2.
Fighting for Food Stamps
3.
Protecting American Consumers from Processed Chicken from China
4.
Working for Fair Trade
5.
Department of Defense to end Russian Helicopter Contract
6.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Affordable Healthcare Enrollment Continues
Open enrollment in the new health insurance marketplaces began on October 1, 2013, with coverage taking effect on January 1, 2014 if you sign up by December 15.
Connecticut&rsquo;s marketplace,
Access Health CT , is designed to meet all the health insurance needs of individuals and small businesses. It&rsquo;s the one place where you&rsquo;ll be able to:
Save on your premiums if you qualify for federal discounts;
Find out if you qualify for Medicaid or other CT health insurance programs;
Compare health insurance plans, which must all meet State and Federal requirements for quality and benefit levels; and
Enroll in a plan knowing you can&rsquo;t be denied because of a health condition.
For a list of available plans, please visit
www.accesshealthct.com
or call 855-805-4325.
Congresswoman DeLauro joins End Hunger Connecticut and other anti-hunger advocates in Middletown&rsquo;s Price Chopper to discuss the importance of food stamps for families across the nation.
Fighting for Food Stamps
Congress is currently debating a five-year farm bill; the version supported by Republicans in the House of Representatives contains $40 billion worth of food stamp cuts, while the Senate bill cuts $4.5 billion. Any cuts that come in addition to the $11 billion that just went into effect will leave millions of low-income Americans, including children, without necessary access to food.
I
joined
End Hunger Connecticut and other anti-hunger advocates in Middletown&rsquo;s Price Chopper to discuss the importance of food stamps for families across the nation. The recent cut as a result of the expiration of food stamp benefits that were provided in the 2009 economic recovery act (ARRA) mean that a family of 3 will lose 16 meals a month.
As Congress continues to consider a final Farm Bill, you can be sure I will fight everyday to make sure food stamps are protected so that families are able to put food on the table.
Working for Fair Trade
The Administration continues negotiations over the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) Free Trade Agreement (FTA), a potential agreement with 11 another nations of tremendous consequence for our country.
The agreement would impact American jobs, as well as a host of other areas including the environment, food safety, and health care.
Fast Track trade procedures allow the White House to submit trade agreements like the TPP to Congress without giving members of Congress the opportunity to amend the deal. Without proper oversight from Members of Congress and the numerous committees that have jurisdiction over parts of any potential trade deals, it is impossible to ensure the best interests of United States. It is absolutely critical that the administration engages in meaningful consultations with members of Congress prior to finalizing another trade agreement.
That is why 150 Democrats in the House of Representatives joined my letter to the President raising concerns about the TPP and making clear that we will not support a Fast Track procedure that does not provide a more meaningful role for Congress.
The full letter can be found
here .
Department of Defense to end Russian Helicopter Contract
The Pentagon has
announced
that it will not buy 15 additional helicopters for the Afghan National Security Forces from the Russian state arms dealer Rosoboronexport, which is also arming the Syrian regime, in 2014 as was previously planned. The Defense Department has already spent almost $1 billion on these Mi-17 helicopters before its decision to cancel this $345 million contract
This is a welcome, and long overdue, first step in ending our relationship with Rosoboronexport, and I continue to urge the Pentagon to end all its contracts with this company. Bipartisan legislation I introduced that passed in the House made crystal clear to the Pentagon that they need to stop using American taxpayer dollars to subsidize the atrocities taking place in Syria through no-bid contracts to foreign firms that do not allow American workers and business to compete.
Protecting American Consumers from Processed Chicken from China
We must ensure unsafe poultry from China does not enter the United States. The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), which is now allowing processed poultry products from China into the United States, may ultimately also allow raw poultry slaughtered in China to be exported to Americans.
From chicken filled with illegal drugs, to pet treats filled with contaminated chicken, to the ongoing bird flu epidemic, China&rsquo;s atrocious food safety record and related concerns in the poultry sector, make abundantly clear the current course being pursued by USDA jeopardizes the health of American consumers.
It is critical that Congress must act to reverse the current course and I remain fully committed to ensure the food Americans consume is safe.
Connecticut Events and Announcements
Medicare Open Enrollment Period
Each year, you have a chance to make changes to your Medicare Advantage or Medicare prescription drug coverage for the following year. The Medicare Open Enrollment Period is October 15&ndash;December 7 (Changes will take effect on January 1.) If you would like to make changes to your Medicare plans, now is the time to do it.
If you are enrolled in Medicare, you
do not
need to sign up for insurance through Connecticut&rsquo;s health insurance marketplace, Access CT Health.
For more information or help enrolling, please visit http://medicare.gov/ or contact my office at 203-562-3718.
West Haven&rsquo;s Seacrest Retirement Home Veterans Visit - Update
Last month veterans at the Seacrest Retirement Home in West Haven, Highview Manor in Hamden, and Mattatuck Health Care in Waterbury were notified by the VA Connecticut Healthcare System that, due to a VA error, care in these homes has been erroneously covered.
I led Connecticut&rsquo;s House members in sending a
letter
to US Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki urging him to use his authority to keep these veterans in their homes if they so choose. As a result, Shinseki is
allowing
these veterans to stay in their current retirement homes through next September. Without this intervention they would have been forced to leave at the end of this year.
Forcing these veterans out of their homes because of an error that was not their fault would have been wrong, and in some cases may not have been in the best interest of their mental or physical well-being. The 23 veterans and their families now have time to think about what the best course of action is for them. I will continue to work with them to ensure they are able to get the care they desire and deserve.
Utility Assistance for Connecticut Families
Connecticut is
receiving
$67.584 million from the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP). LIHEAP helps low income households pay their energy bills and is particularly crucial as we move in to the winter. Federal funding for this absolutely critical program will help alleviate some of the financial strain many Connecticut families feel as they face this winter&rsquo;s heating bills. These funds go a long way towards preserving the health and well-being of households that include some of our most vulnerable citizens.
For more information on LIHEAP you can call 1-800-842-1132 or visit the CT Department of Social Services website by clicking
here .
Congresswoman DeLauro joins Congressman John Larson and some of Connecticut&rsquo;s most prominent champions for women and families in the State Capitol building to discuss Women&rsquo;s Economic Agenda.
Women&rsquo;s Economic Agenda Discussion at the Connecticut State Capitol
Earlier this month, I joined my colleague John Larson in the State Capitol building to discuss the Women&rsquo;s Economic Agenda. We were joined by some of our state&rsquo;s most prominent champions for women and families. Together, we discussed the need to initiate policies which are based on three fundamental pillars of the agenda: pay, work/family balance, and expanding access to quality child care.
The reality is that our policies and work environments do not reflect the way families live in the 21st century and we can no longer accept the status quo. For women to succeed and for America to succeed, we need economic policies that reflect the way women live and work today, and that give women the opportunity to create better lives and a better future for themselves and their families.
You can view the Women Economic Agenda in full
here .
Keeping in Touch
Follow me on
Facebook ,
Twitter , and
YouTube
to find out more about what is happening in Congress and at home in Connecticut.
Sincerely,
Rosa DeLauro
Bill Search
|
Constituent Services
Washington, DC
2413 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: (202) 225-3661
District Office
59 Elm St.
New Haven, CT, 06510
Phone: (203) 562-3718
Click Here
to be removed from this list
