
A Message from Congressman Paul Broun
B roun Pushes Forward in Obamacare Fight
After receiving countless calls, letters and emails from residents of Georgia's 10th Congressional District, Broun took to the House Floor to discuss how Obamacare is already hurting the residents of Georgia. Broun shared with Congress the hardships that his constituents are facing due to Obamacare; doubled premiums, cancellation notices and patients who are not able to afford health insurance all together. Broun vowed to keep fighting until Obamacare was repealed in full, offering his Patient OPTION Act as a commonsense alternative that would provide quality and affordable healthcare to all Americans.
Click to Read More on Broun's Healthcare Bill
Watch Broun on the House Floor
The same week, during a Science Space and Technology Committee hearing, Broun put the pressure on Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator Gina McCarthy, asking her whether or not she was enrolled in Obamacare. McCarthy replied that she was "lucky enough" that the federal government made separate healthcare coverage available to her, meaning she did not have to enroll.
Click Here For Hearing Footage
Broun Celebrates Veterans Day with Local Heroes
This Veterans Day Congressman Broun had the opportunity to present Athens WWII Veteran, Arthur M. Harwood, with seven medals earned for his service during World War II. Mr. Harwood misplaced several of his medals, and Congressman Broun and his staff were able to track down replacements for him. During this ceremony, Congressman Broun had the honor of presenting Mr. Harwood with The Bronze Star for the first time.
Broun and Harwood Pose with his Bronze Star and Purple Heart
Later that day, Broun joined Vets from the Loganville area for a Veterans Town Hall. This event provided District 10 Veterans to speak freely about their concerns, and ask Congressman Broun any questions that they might have.
Broun Chats with Local Veterans After the Town Hall
"It was a special treat to be able to host these men and women on Veterans Day,
said Broun.
"As a former Marine and current Medical Navy Officer, I know the sacrifice these individuals have made for this country, and I was honored that they chose to join me for this event."
Click Here for More Photos from Veterans Day
Quick Links
Press
Broun: Lets Focus on Full Repeal of Obamacare
"I voted against the Keep Your Health Plan Act because I am serious about putting a stop to Obamacare, and this bill does nothing to address Obamacare in the long-term. We need to focus on real reform that will actually lower costs and deliver quality care, not waste time with another delay or fix, said Rep. Broun.
Broun Honors Local WWII Veteran
I am pleased that my staff was able to take part in the replacement of these medals, and it was the highest privilege to be able to present Mr. Harwood with the Bronze Star. Mr. Harwood is among the elite ranks of our nations heroes, exemplifying the sacrifice, sense of duty, and humbleness that so many of our soldiers continue to serve our country with today.
Broun: We Can't Fix Obamacare, We Must Repeal and Replace
"Under Obamacare, Americans will still see higher costs, cancelled coverage, and reduced quality of care -and in one year, Americans will be put right back at square one unless Obamacare is repealed in full, said Rep. Broun."
Broun to Host Athens "Coffee with the Congressman"
This event is an opportunity for the people of the Athens area to speak their mind to their Congressman, said Broun.I want you to feel welcome to talk about any issue, whether it be of national or local interest. Yall come ready with questions, suggestions and comments so that I can learn how to better serve you.
Press Releases
Click below to read recent Press Releases.
Multimedia
BROUN'S 4-WAY TEST
I am committed to protecting the constitutional rights and pocketbooks of every American. I will apply the following four-way test to every piece of legislation that comes before the House for a vote:
Is it Right/Moral?
Is it Constitutional?
Is it Necessary?
Is it Affordable?
Connect
RSS Feed
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Washington D.C.
2437 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Phone: 202-225-4101
Fax: 202-226-0776
Athens
3706 Atlanta Hwy, Ste 2
Athens, GA 30606
Phone: 706-549-9588
Fax: 706-549-9590
Click Here Click Here