DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
November 10, 2013
Congressman McHenry Weekly Update
Across the 10th District
With the House of Representatives out of session, I spent the week meeting with constituents and touring local businesses across the 10th District.
My week in the 10th actually started last Friday when I was able to stop by the newly reopened Bessemer City Police Department.
The Department was reestablished this year following 15 years of the city contracting with Gaston County Police.
On Monday I visited the Old Dominion Freight Service Center in Conover.
Old Dominion is one of the largest freight carrier companies in the country and is based in Thomasville, NC.
Later Monday I dropped by the Mountain View Volunteer Fire Department in Hickory to see their new facility and recently purchased trucks.
Tuesday, I started off with a visit to the Hunter Douglas manufacturing facility in Bessemer City.
The Bessemer City facility produces designer window shades for Hunter Douglas and employs around 150 people.
Tuesday afternoon I had the pleasure of joining with my friend State Representative Jason Saine to read to the kindergarten class at Lincoln Charter School in Lincolnton.
Their theme of the month is patriotism and I was honored they invited me to discuss this important subject with the students.
Wednesday I viewed a demonstration of Kodak's printing technology at ImageMark Business Services in Gastonia.
ImageMark is one of only two places in the country where you can see a demonstration of Kodak's printing technology with the other being Kodak's headquarters.
Later Wednesday, I toured both of Porter's Fabrications Gaston County facilities.
Click
here
to visit my Facebook page where you can see many more pictures from my stops around the 10th District.
Obamacare Enrollment Struggles in NC
Early this week WNCN in Raleigh revealed that Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina has only enrolled one person in a healthcare plan through the Obamacare exchange website.
This is both shocking and unacceptable.
As North Carolina's largest insurer Blue Cross Blue Shield is expecting significant enrollment through the exchanges yet the Obamacare website is preventing North Carolinians from signing up.
You can see my statement on this story
here .
By clicking the image below, you can view WNCN's report:
Celebrating Billy Graham's 95th Birthday
This past Thursday I had the honor of attending the 95th birthday of North Carolina's finest son, Billy Graham.
Since he was ordained in 1940, Reverend Graham has inspired people around the world with his message of faith.
Reverend Graham has truly been the spiritual leader of our nation for the last 70+ years and it was a tremendous experience to celebrate his birthday with him.
I thoroughly
enjoyed this
photo gallery
from the Asheville Citizen Times celebrating his life.
Below is a photo from the celebration I posted to my
Instagram
page:
What I Have Been Reading
House GOP probes consumer bureau's ties to research firm
The Hill
Last week I joined with Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling in sending a letter to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau about a $5 million contract the agency signed with a firm started by a former CFPB employee.
As the Chairman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, one of my main responsibilities is to ensure all federal contracts are ethical and legal.
This firms close ties with the CFPB certainly raise concerns about the legitimacy of this contract.
Congressman Howard Coble to retire in 2014
WRAL
This week my good friend and colleague Howard Coble announced that he would be retiring from Congress after his current term.
Since the time I was first elected, Howard has served as a mentor for me.
Howard is a truly wonderful man who will be greatly missed by all in Congress.
H ere
you can see my full comments on Howard's retirement.
Rep. McHenry shares patriotism with kindergartners
Lincoln Times-News
I really enjoyed joining with State Rep. Jason Saine to teach the kindergartners at Lincoln Charter School about the importance of patriotism.
Here you can read a quick rundown of our visit from the Lincoln Times-News.
WASHINGTON, D.C. OFFICE
2334 Rayburn HOB
Washington, D.C. 20515
Telephone: 202.225.2576
Fax: 202.225.0316
HICKORY DISTRICT OFFICE
87 4th St. NW, Ste A, PO Box 1830
Hickory, NC 28603
Telephone: 828.327.6100
Toll-Free in NC: 800.477.2576
Fax: 828.327.8311
GASTONIA DISTRICT OFFICE
Suite 115
Gaston Co. Administrative Bldg
128 West Main Avenue
P.O. Box 2394
Gastonia, NC
28053
Telephone: 704.833.0096
BLACK MTN. DISTRICT OFFICE
160 Midland Avenue
Black Mountain, NC
28711
Telephone: 828.669.0600
Click Here Click Here