DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
District Update | November 14, 2013
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Dear Friends,
As you know, Super Typhoon Haiyan, one of the strongest typhoons in recorded history, hit the Philippines on November 8, 2013.
My heart goes out to all those affected by this tragedy.
This week,
I introduced
House Resolution 404 , which expresses condolences and support for assistance to the victims of Typhoon Haiyan. While the Philippines begins the road to recovery, my thoughts are with them as they rebuild and heal.
Thank you to everyone who was able to attend last week's House Foreign Affairs Committee field hearing on human trafficking. Over 400 attendees listened to our impressive witnesses speak about the impact this form of modern day slavery is having right here in Southern California. My extreme gratitude to the courageous victims who testified at the hearing and who put a face on what many mistakenly view as a victimless crime.
You can watch our witnesses' testimony and my opening statement
here .
The troublesome and shocking statistics presented at the hearing demand action. That is why I recently introduced the Fraudulent Overseas Recruitment and Trafficking Elimination (FORTE) Act of 2013. This legislation requires that prospective foreign workers be given accurate information about the terms of employment, and anti-trafficking protections under U.S. law; prohibits recruitment fees or hidden charges sometimes used as coercive leverage over workers; and requires foreign labor recruiters to register and remain in good standing with the Department of Labor.
Another important issue affecting Americans across the nation is the flawed roll out of the President's healthcare law.
Recent reports
have indicated that one million Californians will lose access to their current health insurance plans under Obamacare. Have you received a cancellation letter from your insurance provider? Are your premiums going up? Are they going down? I want to hear about your experience with the new healthcare law.
Click here
to share your story.
Sincerely,
Representative Ed Royce
News for the Week of November 11, 2013
Chairman Royce Convenes Hearing on Iran Nuclear Negotiations
This week, Rep. Ed Royce, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, convened a hearing to examine ongoing nuclear negotiations with Iran.
The hearing coincided with the 100th day of Hassan Rouhanis presidency in Iran. "Sanctions have forced Iran to the table; we should build upon this success with additional measures
like those now pending in the Senate - to compel Iran to make meaningful and lasting concessions," Royce said in his opening statement. "Only when the Iranian regime is forced to decide between economic collapse or compromise on its rush to develop a nuclear weapons capability, do we have a chance to avoid that terrible outcome."
Read More
Share Your Obamacare Story
Rep. Royce has heard from many of his constituents who have been affected by the new healthcare law. Have you had your policy cancelled, are you facing higher premiums, lower premiums? Share your Obamacare story with Rep. Royce and let us know what changes in coverage you are experiencing.
Share Your Story Here
EVENTS
December 5, 2013 : A member of Rep. Ed Royce's staff will be available for mobile office hours on Thursday, December 5th in the Red Tailed Hawk Room in the City Clerks Office at Chino Hills City Hall (14000 City Center Dr.). Mobile office hours provide an opportunity for constituents to meet with Rep. Royce and his staff members for assistance with a variety of services and issues.
Read More.
In Case You Missed It
Chairman Royce spoke to NPRs Weekend Edition about his recent field hearing on human trafficking and what hes doing to combat this form of modern day slavery. Royce recently introduced the Fraudulent Overseas Recruitment and Trafficking Elimination Act which requires overseas labor recruiters to provide detailed employment information to workers, to avoid the bait-and-switch into slave labor or sexual slavery once they enter the U.S., and creates additional penalties and enforcement mechanisms.
L isten
Here.
CONNECT
RSS Feeds
Facebook
Youtube
Foreign Intrigue Blog
ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE
210 W. Birch Street, Ste 201
Brea, CA 92821
T (714) 255-0101 l (909) 420-0010
LOS ANGELES COUNTY OFFICE
1380 S. Fullerton Road, Suite 205
Rowland Heights, CA 91748
T (626) 964-5123
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
2185 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
T (202) 225-4111
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here