
Thank you for subscribing to my e-newsletter. I'm pleased to provide this e-newsletter as an additional way for me to keep in touch with Central Washington residents. I hope you find it informative and I encourage you to forward it to any co-workers or friends who might be interested in
signing up themselves
to receive periodic updates in the future.
It is an honor to represent you in Congress. If I can ever be of any assistance to you, please contact my office at (509) 543-9396 or visit my website at
www.hastings.house.gov . You can also like me on
Facebook
and follow me on
Twitter .
Sincerely,
TOP NEWS
Hastings Acts to Ensure Pres. Obama Keeps His Promise
Despite President Obamas repeated promise of 'if you like your health plan, you can keep it,' millions of Americans have recently been told that their plans are being cancelled due to the Obamacare train wreck. President Obama recently admitted that he repeatedly misled the American people to sell his health care law, and he knows that that they cannot log on to the broken exchange website. The president's admission, coupled with the astoundingly low enrollment numbers released, reveal that this law is beyond a simple administrative fix. However, this is a broken law that cannot be fixed. The real solution is to scrap this broken health care law and instead focus on long-term reforms that put the needs of the patient first, not the government. As we work toward a better solution, the House of Representatives last Friday approved, with Hastings' support, the
Keep Your Health Plan Act
(H.R. 3350), a bill that allows Americans to keep the individual health plans they already have, like, and can afford
without facing a penalty under the new health care law.
What's Your Story?
Last week, in a speech on the floor of the House of Representatives, Hastings,
shared Yakima resident Gary Baileys story , one of over a thousand e-mails, letters, phone calls, and Facebook messages he has received from Central Washington residents who are struggling under President Obamas broken health care law. Gary
explained
that he and his wife were dropped from their current health care policy and they will have to choose a new policy, which is double the cost of his original policy and his deductible went up to ten thousand dollars.
"Unfortunately,
Gary is not alone . Millions of hardworking Americans have lost the insurance they like and can afford,"
said Hastings.
"Do you have a story about your experience with Obamacare? As your representative, I want to hear from you.
Click here to send me an e-mail ."
Click here to watch the video
Hastings' Bill to Protect Endangered Salmon Advances
Last Thursday, the House Natural Resources Committee approved Hastings bill, the
Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act
(H.R. 1308), by a bipartisan vote of 22 to 16. This legislation is aimed at protecting endangered Columbia River salmon and other fish species from predation by California and Steller sea lions.
For years, Northwest ratepayers have paid hundreds of millions of dollars every year on measures to protect endangered salmon migrating through the Columbia River dams, only to see a growing number fall prey to aggressive sea lions that wait at the base of the Bonneville Dam and other locations to feast on these fish,
said Hastings, who chairs the committee .
This bill is a common sense path forward to protect our substantial investment in Northwest salmon recovery, and provide federal, state and tribal fish managers the tools necessary to control sea lions rather than having to rely on lawyers and uncertain court rulings.
Hastings Leads 75 Member Letter Calling on Obama Administration to Fully Delist the Gray Wolf
Last Wednesday, Chairman Hastings and 74 Members of Congress
sent a letter
to U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Director Dan Ashe in support of the June 2013 proposed rule to nationally delist the Gray Wolf as endangered or threatened under the Endangered Species Act, and in opposition to a proposal to list the Mexican wolf as a separate, endangered sub-species. In Washington state, wolves are managed by the state on one side of the highway but still listed as endangered by the federal government on the other. Despite issuing a proposed rule to delist the wolves five months ago, the Administration has yet to issue a final decision.
Read the letter here .
WEEKLY MESSAGE
November 15, 2013
Protecting Our Investment in Northwest Salmon Recovery
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
75 representatives,
senators call for full
delisting of gray wolf
Omak-Okanogan Chronicle
Water resources bill clears House with hydro provision
High Plains Journal
Hastings joins Northwest lawmakers in calling for BPA independence
McClatchy News
Walden encouraged by talks with FDA about water rules
Argus Observer
CBC Honors Vets with New Monument on Campus
KVEW News
CONNECT WITH DOC
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
RSS
WASHINGTON, DC OFFICE
1203 Longworth House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-5816 | Fax: (202) 225-3251
TRI-CITIES OFFICE
2715 St. Andrews Loop, Suite D
Pasco, WA 99301
(509) 543-9396 | Fax: (509) 545-1972
YAKIMA OFFICE
402 E. Yakima Avenue, Suite 760
Yakima, WA 98901
(509) 452-3243 | Fax: (509) 452-3438
Click Here Click Here