
The
Hastings Monthly Report
November 2013
Dear Friends:
Thank you for signing up to receive my monthly E-newsletter, the
Hastings Monthly Report . Every month, I will send updates on what Congress has been focused on, and how I am working hard in Washington on behalf of South Florida.
Additionally, I will continue to post day-to-day updates on my
Official Website
and
Facebook page .
Please visit these pages regularly to receive important information about the many issues facing Congress.
Cuts to the Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program
A $5 billion cut to the Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program (SNAP) has taken effect after additional funding within the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
expired on November 1, 2013. These cuts will affect 1 in 7 Americans, including seniors, the disabled, children, and working poor Americans. These families and individuals make up more than 90 percent of all SNAP beneficiaries, the cuts in funding will literally keep food off of the table.
Approximately 18 percent of Florida residents receive SNAP benefits. Nearly 1.7 million households in Florida participate in the program, including 51,000 households in the 20th Congressional district. These benefits are critical, and it is estimated that this cut will force some of the hungriest people in our country to forego up to 21 meals every single month.
Republicans remain determined to cut even more from the SNAP program. Just two months ago, House Republicans pushed through legislation to cut $39 billion from SNAP, nearly 10 times the amount agreed to in the bi-partisan compromise passed in the Senate. I believe these efforts are misguided, and will result in additional significant hardships for families that are already struggling. I will continue to oppose cuts to SNAP, and support legislation that makes it easier for Americans to provide for themselves and their families.
Recognizing the 40th Anniversary of the Independence of the Bahamas
On November 2, 2013, I was proud to introduce legislation celebrating 40 years of Bahamian independence. The Bahamas has a proud history and rich culture that dates back centuries, and Americans and Bahamians are united by common values and a commitment to democracy and human rights. In the coming years, I hope that our two nations will continue to strengthen their friendship and bilateral partnership, especially in the areas of promoting greater security, economic development, and people-to-people exchanges. I look forward to working together with lawmakers and civil society organizations in the Bahamas as we continue to advance our common interests, including increased opportunities for the next generation of leaders and gender equality throughout the Caribbean region.
Legislation in Focus: The Water Resources and Reform Development Act (H.R. 3080)
On October 23, 2013, I spoke on the House floor in favor of H.R. 3080, the
Water Resources and Reform Development Act of 2013
(WRRDA), authorizing critical investments in our water-based infrastructure. It has been seven years since the last WRRDA bill was signed into law, and the legislation will go far in creating good jobs, while simultaneously improving our nations infrastructure. It is critically important to the economic security and long-term competitiveness of this nation.
WRRDA authorizes funding for projects that will restore and strengthen our water-based infrastructure, including our canals, ports, levees, and dams. The legislation will also allow new investments in Everglades restoration to move forward, and help to address the pollution in our rivers and tributaries. The economic benefits of these investments will undoubtedly be seen across a wide range of industries.
While I supported WRRDA, I do have reservations about some of the policies authorized in the legislation. For instance, WRRDA gives new power to the Army Corps of Engineers by setting up a new streamlined system for approving water infrastructure projects. Furthermore, Port Everglades restoration, which has been waiting seventeen years for a report from the Army Corps before deepening its channels in anticipation of the new Panama Canal standards, was not included in the WRRDA legislation passed by the House. Further delays for vital projects like this will cause significant damage to our local and national economic competitiveness.
Legislation in Focus: The Employment Non-Discrimination Act (H.R. 1755)
In the coming days, the Senate is expected to bring the
Employment Non-Discrimination Act of 2013 (ENDA)
to the floor for a vote. This bi-partisan legislation would provide basic protections against workplace discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity and, in my opinion, it is long overdue. I am proud to be an original co-sponsor of the ENDA legislation in the House of Representatives, along with 193 of my colleagues.
However, Speaker John Boehner has indicated that he will not allow ENDA to be brought to the House floor for a vote, even if it passes in the Senate.
This decision is outright unconscionable, and would result in qualified, hardworking Americans continuing to be denied job opportunities, harassed, fired, or otherwise discriminated against, because they are lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender (LGBT).
Throughout my life and tenure in Congress, I have always believed that people deserve to be treated equally and with respect.
In recent years, we have made great strides in advancing equal rights for all Americans.
On June 26, 2013, the Supreme Court overturned the discriminatory
Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) , even after Speaker Boehner spent $2.3 million in taxpayer money defending it.
Furthermore, we successfully ended on September 20, 2011 the policy of Dont Ask, Dont Tell despite Republican objections, finally allowing gay and lesbian members of the military to serve openly.
Sadly, it appears that House Republican Leadership will once again stand on the wrong side of history and attempt to block the ENDA legislation.
It is long past time that Congress pass ENDA, and Speaker Boehner should reconsider his position.
For more information on the various issues that I am working on, please visit my official website at
www.alceehastings.house.gov .
With warm personal regards, I remain,
Sincerely,
Alcee L. Hastings
Member of Congress
20th District of Florida
www.AlceeHastings.house.gov
Quick Links
Website
Press Releases
Blog
Email Signup
NOTE: Please DO NOT respond to this email as this inbox is unattended. To contact my office please
click here
Washington Office
2353 Rayburn Office Building
Washington D.C. 20515
Tel: (202) 225-1313
Broward County Office
2701 W. Oakland Park Blvd, Suite 200
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33311
Tel: (954) 733-2800
Palm Beach County Office
Town of Mangonia Park Municipal Center
1755 East Tiffany Drive
Mangonia Park, FL 33407
Tel: (561) 676-7911
UNSUBSCRIBE
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here