
If
you are having trouble viewing this message or would like to share it
on a social network, you can
view the message online .
HOME
|
ABOUT
|
CONTACT
|
HOW CAN I HELP
|
MEDIA
|
ISSUES
|
THE 12TH DISTRICT
|
LEGISLATION
Dear David,
Veterans Day provides us the opportunity to
stop and take a moment to thank those who have served our nation as
members of our Armed Services. These men and women, and their families,
have made great sacrifices to defend the United States and deserve
our utmost gratitude.
As Vice-Chairman of the House Veterans
Affairs Committee, I have made it a priority throughout my tenure in
Congress to work with my colleagues to ensure the needs of our
veterans are met. Earlier this year, legislation I sponsored was signed into
law that directed the VA to obtain and distribute comprehensive
information about institutions of higher learning, so our service members
could make more informed decisions when they choose to use their
Post-9/11 GI benefits. In addition, the House recently passed the Veterans
Economic Opportunity Act to improve our service members access to
educational and medical benefits, as well as professional opportunities.
Congress is also working with the VA to improve the processing of
veterans disability claims to reduce the backlog and ensure claims are
processed in a timely and accurate manner. However, there is more we can
do to assist our service members, especially when it involves the
invisible wounds of our recent wars.
Technological advances have
made it possible for men and women to survive injuries on the
battlefield that would have previously been fatal. As our nations heroes
reintegrate into society, they are faced with physical, mental and social
challenges that have not been addressed in years past. Injuries, such
as Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder and Traumatic Brain Injury, are
sometimes ignored or overlooked due to the stigmas associated with
seeking treatment. There has also been a sharp rise in suicide rates among
veterans as the war in Iraq has come to a close and the conflict in
Afghanistan winds down. While the VA has committed to hiring more mental
health professionals to meet the growing need, we as a country must
also be there to support our veterans.
Congressman Bilirakis meets with
Florida veterans during an Honor Flight to the World War II
Memorial
Free, confidential counseling with a trained VA staff
member is only a phone call, text message or email away. One such resource
is the
Veterans Crisis
Line ,
(800) 273-8255, which offers 24-hour support for all
veterans and service members, including members of the National Guard
and Reserve. It is important that we are not only aware of these
resources, but also encourage our service members and veterans to utilize
them, especially in times of need.
We must also remain
committed to ensuring veterans receive appropriate treatment for their
service-connected injuries. At a recent Congressional hearing, my colleagues
and I learned that the VAs use of prescription opiates to treat pain
has tripled since September 11, 2001. We received testimony from
veterans who described their frustrations and difficulties navigating the
VA health system in efforts to find relief from their pain. We also
heard from widows of veterans who had died due to overdoses as a result
of the number of different prescriptions they had received. Dr. Robert
Jesse, Principal Deputy Under Secretary for Health at the Veterans
Health Administration, promised the VA was committed to righting their
practices, so others would not find themselves in similar situations. I
echo this promise and will continue to work to ensure our veterans
receive the appropriate care and treatment they deserve.
Let
us always remember the importance of remaining vigilant and supporting
our heroes upon their return home. Today and every day forward, take
a moment to thank those who have answered the call of duty and offer
your support in their times of need. It is up to all of us, as well as
our future generations, to honor their sacrifices, as well as the
principles and freedoms they have protected.
Sincerely,
Gus Bilirakis
Member of
Congress
Unsubscribe
|
Update My Profile
|
Privacy Policy
