DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
If you are having trouble reading this email,
please view the web version .
House Votes to Put Presidents Promise into Law
Today, the House approved bipartisan legislation to allow people to keep the insurance plans they are currently on. The Keep Your Health Care Act passed the House 261-157 with 39 Democrats supporting the proposal. The vote came one day after President Obama proposed an administrative fix to allow some Americans to keep their plans. The Presidents plan falls far short of what is needed. Case Western Law Professor Jonathan Adler recently pointed out that under the Presidents directive: The legal requirement remains on the books so the relevant health insurance plans remain illegal under federal law. Right now, the Presidents promise that If you like it, you can keep it is still not being met. We have to change the law to protect Americans.
Problems Run Deeper than the Website
This week, I chaired a hearing of the Health Subcommittee looking deeper into Obamacare and problems related to the implementation apart from the poor website. Consumers are facing the sticker shock of new insurance plans, people may not be able to keep their doctor under new plans, there is a strong risk of identity theft for those giving personal information to the government, and many Americans are ending up in Medicaid instead of private insurance. The website may get fixed in a few weeks, but that wont fix these and many other problems that remain. To watch me preview the hearing on FoxNews,
CLICK HERE .
Subcommittee Checks Up on Implementation of Bipartisan FDA Law
Last year, I worked closely with members of both parties to pass legislation to improve the Food and Drug Administration review process for drugs and medical devices. Today, we held an oversight hearing to ask FDA leaders about how the law is being implemented. Medical innovation is dependent on a predictable and fair review process. Good American jobs are dependent on the work being done at FDA. To view my opening statement,
CLICK HERE .
Veterans Administration Offers New Dental Plans
The Veterans Administration is now partnering with dental insurance providers to allow veterans and their families to purchase coverage. The more than 8 million veterans currently enrolled in VA health care can now choose to purchase a plan from either Delta Dental or MetLife. More information is available at
www.deltadentalvadip.org
or
www.metlife.com/vadip . For veterans with service connected medical conditions, free dental services will continue. For more on enrolling in VA health benefits, visit
www.va.gov/healthbenefits/enroll
or calling 1-877-222-VETS.
Op-ed of the Week: Lost Opportunities for Bipartisanship
This week, the President finally admitted that the health care law did not live up to the promise he had been making to the American people. If you like it, you can keep it, simply wasnt true when it came to Obamacare.
READ MORE
Facebook
Podcast
Tell Joe Your Opinion
Issues
The 16th District
Ask Joe For Help
The Government
Legislation
Press
About Joe Pitts
Photo Gallery
Please feel free to
forward this email to your friends and family .
Recent Videos
Obamacare's Problems Run Deeper than the Website
Rep. Pitts opens up a hearing to discuss the many problems of Obamacare apart from the website.
How Many Americans Could Lose their Health Care?
Rep. Pitts asks witnesses questions about the many problems of Obamacare.
Washington, D.C. Office
420 Cannon House Office Building
Washington, DC 20515
(1st Street and Independence Avenue)
202-225-2411
202-225-2013 (fax)
Chester County Office
Post Office Box 837
Unionville, PA 19375
(Routes 82 and 926)
610-444-4581
610-444-5750 (fax)
Lancaster Office
150 North Queen Street
Suite 716 (7th floor)
Lancaster, PA 17603
717-393-0667
717-393-0924 (fax)
Click Here Click Here