DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Click here
if you have trouble viewing this email
Farm Bill Conference Committee Critical for Arkansas Jobs
This week, I was saddened to hear of the passing of Pat Wilkins, wife of State Rep. Butch Wilkins. Stacy and I are praying for the Wilkins family in this difficult time.
As the ObamaCare law continues to be rolled out, American families are beginning to see firsthand the negative effect it will have on their budgets. Even in liberal California, sticker
shock
is beginning to set in as families begin to see their premium prices spike. I am continuing to find ways with my colleagues to expose the negative effects of this law as the fight against it goes on.
This week, both Marilyn Tavenner, the head of the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services, and Kathleen Sebelius, Secretary of Health &amp; Human Services, appeared to testify before Congress on the disastrous ObamaCare website rollout. This is more proof that there should be a delay for American families of this law.
On Tuesday, my bipartisan regulatory relief bill, the FUELS Act, was considered before the House Transportation &amp; Infrastructure Committee and passed overwhelmingly. My bill would relieve burdensome EPA regulations on farmers and allow them to reinvest dollars wasted on compliance costs into capital and growth. I am continuing to work to bring common sense into the regulatory process in Washington.
On Wednesday, I
introduced
legislation to keep our highways safe for Arkansas families while lowering liability risk and costs for trucking companies nationwide. This bipartisan bill is gaining momentum and I look forward to working toward its consideration before the floor of the full House.
As a conferee to the 2013 Farm Bill conference committee, this week I participated in the first meeting of the committee responsible with hammering out differences between the House and Senate versions of the bill. Read my remarks
here .
My column this week is on the Farm Bill and its critical importance to Arkansas' First District. Read below:
Farm Bill Conference Committee Critical for Arkansas Jobs
As a conferee to the 2013 Farm Bill conference committee, last week I had the privilege of participating in the first public meeting of the committee with members of both the House and Senate. There, each of the 41 conferees, including myself and Arkansas Senator John Boozman, had the opportunity to lay out their initial markers and priorities on what the bill should contain. It is an important first step as we begin the negotiating process to hammer out the differences between the two bills and reach a consensus that will be fiscally responsible and support agriculture jobs around the country.
I am pleased the Commodity Title in this legislation has been crafted in such a way that provides options for farmers, based either on revenue or price, which provides the right amount of regional flexibility. Historically, Farm Bills have been written to favor Midwestern interests while Southern farmers were left with programs that were not the perfect fit for their needs. I am proud to have worked with House Agriculture Committee Chairman Frank Lucas to address the regional needs of both Southern and Midwestern farmers, and am looking forward to a final product that preserves this regional flexibility.
Additionally, this bill does an excellent job of addressing regulatory overreach from the federal government that is hurting production and jobs in the agricultural sector. For instance, the legislative text of my regulatory relief bill, the FUELS Act, was included in the House-passed Farm Bill to provide relief for on-farm fuel storage facilities. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has imposed burdensome and costly regulations that cost tens of thousands of dollars per farmer on average to any farmer with on-farm storage over 1,320 gallons
which, according to the USDA, comprises nearly 70% of American farms. According to the University of Arkansas, my legislation will save the agricultural sector $3.36 billion in compliance costs that can be reinvested into capital and growth. This is just one example of a reform-minded Farm Bill that gets government out of the way of job creation.
I am looking forward to the conference committee process and working with my Arkansas colleague, Senator Boozman, to ensure the voice of Arkansas is well represented. As the top industry in Arkansas, it is imperative that we have a final bill that provides certainty for our growers while remaining fiscally responsible. I look forward to a final product that addresses these concerns and will provide a long-term vision for American agricultural policy.
Please forward this message to friends or family members who might be interested. You can also direct them to my
website to sign up
for regular updates.
Washington, DC Office
1711 Longworth HOB
Washington, DC 20515
Phone: (202) 225-4076
Fax: (202) 225-5602
Cabot Office
112 S. 1st St.
Cabot, AR 72023
Phone: (501) 843-3043
Fax: (501) 843-4955
Jonesboro Office
2400 Highland Drive, Ste 300
Jonesboro, AR 72401
Phone: (870) 203-0540
Fax: (870) 203-0542
Mountain Home Office
1001 Highway 62 E, Suite 9
Mountain Home, AR 72653
Phone: (870) 424-2075
Fax: (870) 424-3149
UPDATE SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Click Here Click Here